GOOD EVENING
EVERYONE AND WELCOME TO THE
JANUARY 11 MEETING OF THE ANN
ARBOR CITY COUNCIL.
IF YOU'RE ABLE PLEASE RISE AND
JOIN US FOR A MOMENT OF SILENCE
FOLLOWED BY THE PLEDGE
OF ALLEGIANCE FOR ALLEGIANCE TO
THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA AND TO THE REPUBLIC
FOR WHICH IT STANDS ONE NATION
INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY AND
JUSTICE FOR ALL BUT OUR CLARK
PLEASE CALL THE ROLE COUNCIL
HERE BECAUSE HARRISON CUSTOMER
SONG HERE COMES FROM OUR WATSON
HERE DENHA HERE COMES THE ON
ONE HERE MAYOR TAYLOR HERE
CUSTOMER IRE HERE COMES RIGHT
HERE.
CUSTOMER BRIGS HERE CUSTOMER
CORNELL HERE WE HAVE A QUORUM
AT A MOTION PLEASE TO PROVIDE
GENTLEMAN BY COUNCILMAN
MCCONNELL SECOND MY CUSTOMER IA
DISCUSSION OF THE AGENDA ALL
FAVOR POST THE AGENDA IS
APPROVED.
ARE THERE COMMUNICATIONS TODAY
FROM OUR CITY ADMINISTRATOR?
NO.
IN THE ABSENCE OF INSTRUCTIONS
WE MOVE ON DIRECTLY TO PUBLIC
COMMENT PUBLIC COMMENT IN ORDER
TO SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT
GENERAL TIME ONE NEEDS TO HAVE
SIGNED UP IN ADVANCE BY
CONTACTING OUR CITY CLERK.
WE HAVE FORTY FIVE MINUTES
ALLOCATED TO PUBLIC COMMENT.
WE WILL GO THROUGH THOSE FORTY
FIVE MINUTES OR WE WILL GO
THROUGH AT THE VERY LEAST THE
FIRST FIFTEEN SPEAKERS IF AFTER
FIFTEEN SPEAKER WE HAVE TIME
WITHIN OUR FORTY FIVE MINUTE
BLOCK WE WILL CONTINUE UNTIL WE
REACH THE END OF THAT FORTY
FIVE MINUTE BLOCK AT THE END
OF THAT FORTY FIVE MINUTE BLOCK
PUBLIC COMMENT WILL BE
SUSPENDED UNTIL THE TOWARDS THE
END OF THE MEETING COUNCIL WILL
CONTINUE ON WITH ITS WITH ITS
ORDINARY BUSINESS AFTER THE
REGULAR BUSINESS IS CONCLUDED
THAT TIME WE WILL RESUME PUBLIC
COMMENT AND PUBLIC COMMENT
OVERFLOW EVERYONE WHO IS ON THE
LIST WILL HAVE THE ABILITY TO
SPEAK SPEAKERS IN ALL INSTANCES
WILL HAVE THREE MINUTES IN
WHICH TO SPEAK EITHER HERE OR
ONLINE AND SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE
ATTENTION TO THE TIME CLOCK,
THE TIME CLOCK OR OUR CLERK
WILL NOTIFY YOU WHEN THIRTY
SECONDS ARE REMAINING AND WHEN
YOUR TIME HAS EXPIRED WHEN YOUR
TIME HAS EXPIRED PLEASE
CONCLUDE YOUR REMARKS AND CEDE
THE FLOOR AND IN ORDER TO
MAINTAIN ORDER WE DO ALSO ASK
THAT WE HAVE ONLY ONE PERSON
SPEAKING AT A TIME.
OUR FIRST SPEAKER TODAY IS OMAR
ABDULLAH
.
IF YOU'RE AN ANN ARBOR RESIDENT
AND YOU SUPPORT THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION, PLEASE STAND UP AND
RAISE YOUR HAND JUST TO SHOW
THE CITY COUNCIL WE ARE YES.
>> I SPEAK ON BEHALF OF A LARGE
AND DIVERSE AND ARBOR COALITION
THAT INCLUDES PALESTINIANS,
ISRAELIS, MUSLIMS, CHRISTIANS,
JEWS AND ATHEISTS, WORKERS,
PARENTS, TEACHERS, STUDENTS,
ATTORNEYS AND SMALL BUSINESS
OWNERS.
WE THANK COUNCIL MEMBERS EDWIN
BRIGG'S SONG AND ACKMANN FOR
SPONSORING THE RESOLUTION.
WE ASK THE COUNCIL TO PASS THE
CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION.
WE ARE A COALITION THAT STANDS
AGAINST ANTI-SEMITISM.
OUR MEMBERS HAVE SAID THAT
PROTESTS AT SYNAGOGUES ARE
WRONG FULL STOP WHEN A KNOWN
HOLOCAUST DENIER SPOKE LAST
MEETING WE REFUSED TO LISTEN TO
HIM AND WALKED OUT.
DO NOT CONFLATE OUR CALLS FOR A
CEASE FIRE WITH ANTI-SEMITISM.
THAT IS WRONG.
IT IS BENEATH YOU AND IT IS
RACIST.
THIS IS A SIMPLE RESOLUTION
THAT TAKES NO SIDES, HAS NO
ACTIVELY HARMFUL LANGUAGE AND
RESPECTS ALL IMPACTED
COMMUNITIES.
THE ISSUE IS A LOCAL ONE.
HERE ARE FIVE REASONS.
FIRST, MEMBERS OF THE NRA
COMMUNITY HAVE BEEN PERSONALLY
IMPACTED WITH FAMILY, LOVED
ONES AND FRIENDS AMONG THOSE
KILLED, MISSING AND INJURED.
THIS RESOLUTION ADDRESSES THEM.
WE ARE WATCHING PEOPLE WHO LOOK
LIKE US BEING SLAUGHTERED AND
THAT MAKES US UNSAFE.
>> SECOND, THE RISE OF ANTI
PALESTINIAN ANTI ARAB
ANTI-MUSLIM AND ANTI BROWNRIGG
RACISM AND DEHUMANIZATION IS
UNPRECEDENTED INCLUDING
NARBERTH FROM RACIST SLURS TO
DEHUMANIZING MEDIA COVERAGE IN
NATIONAL AND LOCAL PAPERS TO A
SCHOOL BOARD TRUSTEE TELLING A
PALESTINA TRUSTEE THAT HER
BACKGROUND MAKES HER UNFIT TO
SPEAK TO THE REAL FEAR
OF VIOLENCE.
IT'S ALREADY LOCAL.
THE DEHUMANIZATION INCLUDES
EFFORTS TO MINIMIZE THE NUMBER
OF PALESTINIAN PEOPLE KILLED TO
PRETEND THAT MAYBE THEY HAD IT
COMING OR AREN'T IN FACT
CIVILIANS.
THIRD, WE HAVE AN AVALANCHE
OF CIVIL RIGHTS VIOLATIONS IN
OUR SCHOOLS AT THE UNIVERSITY
AND IN THE CITY NOT EVERYONE'S
RIGHTS ARE BEING PROTECTED
EQUALLY.
THERE'S NO OTHER INTERNATIONAL
CONFLICT WHERE PEOPLE HERE LOSE
THEIR JOBS AND SECURITY FOR
SPEAKING UP.
IT'S UNLIKE UKRAINE OR SYRIA
FORTH UNLIKE OTHER FOREIGN
WARS.
THIS IS ONE THAT WE AMERICANS
INCLUDING US IN ANN ARBOR
ACTIVELY FUND THROUGH FEDERAL
TAXES AND OUR GOVERNMENT IS AT
ACTIVELY AIDING AND SHIELDING
IT IF IT'S A LOCAL ISSUE
BECAUSE SO LONG AS THE WAR
CONTINUES WE CAN'T ADDRESS KEY
ISSUES IN OUR COMMUNITY THAT
REQUIRE GROUPS TO WORK
TOGETHER.
WE CAN'T DO THAT WHILE OUR
PEOPLE ARE BEING CARPET BOMBED,
DRIVEN FROM THEIR HOMES,
STARVED AND MURDERED, PASSING
THE RESOLUTION IS NOT TAKING A
SIDE IN A FOREIGN CONFLICT.
IT MEANS TAKING THE SIDE OF ALL
YOUR RESIDENTS WE HAVE MADE
THIS CHOICE IS EASY FOR YOU AS
POSSIBLE.
JOIN CONGRESSWOMAN DINGELL IN
CALLING FOR A DIFFERENT
APPROACH THAT TREATS ALL PEOPLE
ALL CHILDREN AS WORTHY OF LIFE
AND PROTECTION.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU FOR NEXT WEEK IS
CAMERON MAYOR THIS CALLER IS ON
LINE.
THANK YOU.
PHONE NUMBER ENDING IN ONE ZERO
EIGHT STAR SIX ON MUTE YOUR
PHONE GO AHEAD.
HI.
>> TODAY I'D LIKE TO READ YOU A
LETTER FROM A LOCAL COMMUNITY
SYNAGOGUE CONGREGATION HERE
WHICH IS LOCATED IN FERNDALE
NEAR CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS.
>> I HONORED TO SERVE AS THE
RABBI OF CONGREGATION TO HEAR A
PROGRESSIVE JUSTICE PURSUING
CAREER LOVING INTERGENERATIONAL
RECONSTRUCTIONIST JEWISH
COMMUNITY.
OUR MEMBERS LIVE IN WAYNE
OAKLAND AND WATCH OUR COUNTY
INCLUDING ANN ARBOR IN
MID-OCTOBER WE FIND OUT THAT
THE FOLLOWING LETTER BY
CONGRESS AND PRESIDENT BIDEN WE
ARE GRIEVING THE HORRIFIC,
VIOLENT AND TERRIFYING ATTACK
BY HAMAS ON ISRAELI CIVILIANS.
THE GRIEF OF THIS MAGNITUDE CAN
UNLEASH A POWERFUL DRIVE FOR
REVENGE.
ARE JEWISH VALUES EXPOSED TO
OPEN OUR HEART AND REACH FOR
OUR SHARED HUMANITY?
JEWISH TRADITION INSISTS THAT
EVERY SINGLE HUMAN BEING IS
SACRED, INHERENT DIGNITY AND
WORK.
WE DO NOT SUPPLEMENT OUR GRIEF
TO SUPPORT THE KILLING
OF PALESTINIAN CIVILIANS.
MORE THAN TWO MILLION PEOPLE IN
GAZA HAVE BEEN CUT OFF FROM
FOOD, WATER, GAS AND
ELECTRICITY.
ISRAEL SOLD ONE POINT ONE
MILLION GAZANS CIVILIANS THAT
THEY HAD TWENTY FOUR HOURS TO
LEAVE BUT THEY HAVE NOWHERE TO
GO.
NO WAY TO GET THERE FURTHER
HARM TO PALESTINIAN CIVILIANS
WILL NOT BRING BACK THE
DEAD NOR WILL IT MAKE ISRAELIS
SAFER.
WE URGE OUR GOVERNMENT TO USE
HIS INFLUENCE TO DE-ESCALATE
AND INTERRUPT THE CYCLE
OF VIOLENCE, NEGOTIATE THE SAFE
RETURN OF HOSTAGES AND PROTECT
THE LIVES OF ALL ISRAELI AND
PALESTINIAN CIVILIANS IN
MID-OCTOBER THAT WAS CONSIDERED
TO BE A BOLD STEP.
I IS VERY PROUD OF OUR
CONGREGATION AND SINCE THEN
OF COURSE OUR CONVICTION HAS
GROWN STRONGER.
WHEN I ASKED OUR MEMBERS WHO
LIVE WITHIN THE BOUNDARIES
OF FERNVALE IF THEY WERE
INTERESTED IN SUPPORTING THIS
EFFORT EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM
IS BORN AGAIN.
OUR BOARD IS CURRENTLY
DISCUSSING GETTING A CEASEFIRE
NOW AND THE BUILDING DESPITE
THE SECURITY RISKS INVOLVED, WE
WILL DO WHATEVER LITTLE WE CAN
TO STOP THE CARNAGE AND TO
INTERRUPT THE IDEA THAT GIVING
ISRAEL A BLANK CHECK IS IN THE
INTERESTS OF JEWISH
COMMUNITIES.
SPEAKING OUT FOR CEASE FIRE IS
A RELIGIOUS IMPERATIVE.
THE ONLY PATH TO TRUE AND
LASTING SAFETY FOR BOTH
ISRAELIS AND PALESTINIANS IS
NOT THROUGH VIOLENCE AND WAR.
WE NEED ENGAGEMENT BY THE
INTERNATIONAL COMMUNITY TOWARD
A JUST AND LASTING PEACE IN
THIS LAND WHICH IS FULLY TO SO
MANY.
I SPEAK OUT FOR CEASE FIRE NOT
IN SPITE OF OCTOBER SEVEN BUT
BECAUSE OF THIS.
ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS LIVES IN
A LITTLE VERY CLOSE TO GAZA
WITH HER TWO BEAUTIFUL CHILDREN
.
THE ONLY THING THAT WILL KEEP
THEM SAFE IS JUST PEACE AND WE
CANNOT BOMB OUR WAY THERE.
THIRTY SECONDS.
THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO BENEFIT
FROM CONTINUED WAR ARE THE MANY
WEAPONS MANUFACTURERS THAT IT'S
BUT I DON'T IMAGINE THAT THE
QUESTION YOU ARE ASKING IS
WHETHER A CEASE FIRE IS
NECESSARY BUT WHETHER WHAT ROLE
DOES THE COUNCIL OF A SMALL
CITY PLAY RESPONDING TO A
CRISIS ACROSS THE WORLD SO
CLEARLY OUTSIDE OF YOUR
JURISDICTION AND TO THAT
CONCERN I AM SYMPATHETIC GLOBAL
VERSUS LOCAL MYTHICAL IN SO
MANY WAYS AND YET A LINE MUST
BE DRAWN SOMEWHERE IN ORDER TO
MAKE GOVERNANCE MANAGEABLE.
SECURITY MAKES MORE SENSE THAN
ME TO DIRECT MY ENERGY THERE
BUT THEY'RE NOT LISTENING AND
AT THIS POINT I'M WILLING TO
PUT ANY WEAPON OF POWER IF
THERE'S EVEN A CHANCE THAT LIKE
YOU COMBINED WITH THE OTHER
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
DIRECTOR.
IF YOU HAVE HANDOUTS PLEASE
GIVE THEM TO THE CLERK.
UNDERSTOOD AND THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS LIZ KENNEDY
,MAYOR.
THIS CALLER IS ALSO ON THE CALL
OVER THE PHONE NUMBER AND AGAIN
SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT RUSKA SIX TO
ANSWER YOUR PHONE.
>> GO AHEAD.
REMAINING MEMBERS OF THE NRA
HAS A COUNCIL.
>> MY NAME IS LIZ KENNEDY AND I
AM CO-DIRECTOR OF COURBET
SAFETY.
I AM HERE TO ADDRESS THE
CONCERNS WE REGARDING THE
REJECTION OF OUR PROPOSAL TO
PROVIDE UNEARNED RESPONSE
SERVICES VIDEO BANABA AS WE
EXPRESS OUR REJECTION I WANT TO
KNOW THAT WE RESPECT YOUR
RIGHTS IN OUR PROPOSAL BUT SEE
CLARIUM ASPECT THE DECISION
MAKING PROCESS FIRSTLY OUR
PRIMARY OBJECTION STEMMED FROM
THE LACK OF TRANSPARENCY AND
PUBLIC INPUT
IN THE DECISION
MAKING PROCESSES.
>> THE DECISION TO REJECT OUR
APPLICATION WAS MADE IN CLOSED
SESSION WITHOUT ANY OPPORTUNITY
FOR US TO ADDRESS QUESTIONS.
>> CONCERNS RAISED BY STATING
THAT DESPITE ASSURANCES FROM
MR. MALONEY THAT WE WOULD HAVE
A FULL OPPORTUNITY TO RESPOND,
A PROPOSAL WAS REJECTED WITHOUT
FORMAL DIALOG.
>> EQUALLY TROUBLING HAS BEEN
THE CDC BASING FROM ITS OWN
REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL TIMELINE
AUTHORITY OUTLINED A CLEAR
TIMELINE FOR INTERVIEWS,
DISCUSSIONS AND A DECISION BY
COUNCIL.
IT IS NOT ADHERED TO IN OUR
ATTEMPT TO ENGAGE THE CITY
STAFF WERE REPEATEDLY IGNORED
TO LATE NOVEMBER, LEAVING
INSUFFICIENT TIME FOR
MEANINGFUL DISCUSSIONS AND
NEGOTIATIONS AS OUTLINED BY
VIDEOPHONE RFP PROCESS OVER
ARTEMISININS CLAIMS AGAINST OUR
PROPOSAL.
>> I JUST WANT TO BRIEFLY
ADDRESS SOME POINT FIRST THE
TIMELINE PREPROGRAM RAMP UP OUR
PROPOSAL.
CONSIDER THE ALLOCATED FUNDING
FOR TWO YEARS AS THE PILOT
PHASE DURING WHICH WE WOULD
PROVIDE 48 HOURS IN RESPONSE WE
INTENDED TO EXPAND BASED
FUNDING IN FACT CAPACITY IN
SUBSEQUENT YEARS BUT THAT CLAIM
OF A FIVE YEAR RAMP UP WAS NOT
EXPLICITLY OUTLINED IN OUR
SECONDLY, I'D LIKE TO ADDRESS
ONE OF THE DAYS AND HOURS
OF RESPONSE OUR PROPOSAL LINES
WITH SIMILAR PROGRAMS
NATIONWIDE AND IF IMPLEMENTED
WILL INCREASE NEXT.
>> I'D LIKE TO ADDRESS THE TIME
SPENT ON COMMUNITY BUILDING
ACTIVITIES.
OUR PROGRAM FOCUSES ON
PREVENTATIVE MEASURES THROUGH A
PUBLIC HEALTH APPROACH.
>> WE REALLY VALUE THOSE
INTERESTED IN ADDRESSING THE
ROOT CAUSES OF CRISES AND WE
FEEL THAT THE CITY'S REJECTION
SEEMS TO OVERLOOK THE
COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH WE
PRESENTED.
AND FINALLY I'D LIKE TO ADDRESS
THE DISREGARD OUR DIRECTIVE.
OUR PROPOSAL CLEARLY STATED
THAT WE WOULD NOT RESPOND.
SPECIFIC INCIDENTS MENTIONED BY
MR. DONIA AND PROFESSIONALS
WOULD ONLY BE INVOLVED WITH THE
CALLER, HE SAID I'M A MEMBER
OF TRAVANCORE IN FURTHER RAISE
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE CITY'S
APPLICATION.
WE WANT TO KNOW WHAT ARE THE
POLICE PRESENCE MENTIONED AND
WHY WERE THEY NOT OUTLINING THE
RFP ITSELF?
>> ADDITIONALLY, THE NOTION
OF DELIVERING FULLY OPERATIONAL
PROGRAMS IN TWO YEARS WAS NOT A
CRITERIA DEFINED IN CITY
DOCUMENT.
SO TO CONCLUDE I WANTED THE
SECOND CITY TO ADDRESS RACE AND
TO SUPPORT REOPENING AN RFP OR
AN HOUR NORMAL POLICE WITH A
FREE PALESTINE.
>> THANK YOU IS JOSHUA HEDGCOCK
THE THE FOLLOWING THINGS THAT
I'M GOING TO READ ARE COMING
STRAIGHT FROM THE SOUTH
AFRICA'S DOCUMENT THAT THEY
SENT TO THE INTERNATIONAL COURT
OF JUSTICE AS EVIDENCE OF THE
ONGOING GENOCIDE IN PALESTINE.
THESE STATEMENTS ARE
SPECIFICALLY FROM ISRAEL
OFFICIALS AS WELL AS PEOPLE IN
THE ISRAELI MEDIA
THAT STARTING
WITH BENJAMIN NETANYAHU AMONG
OTHER THINGS HE HAS INVOKED THE
BIBLICAL STORY OF THE TOTAL
DESTRUCTION OF AMALEK BY THE
ISRAELI LIGHT STATING THAT YOU
MUST REMEMBER WHAT AMALEK HAS
DONE TO YOU SAYS OUR ONLY BLACK
BIBLE.
AND IN THAT SPECIFIC PASSAGE IT
READS AS FOLLOWS NOW GO ATTACK
AMALEK AND PROSCRIBE ALL THAT
BELONGS TO HIM.
SPARE NO ONE BUT KILL LIKE MEN
AND WOMEN, INFANTS AND
SUBCLANS.
PRESIDENT ISAAC HERZOG HAS BEEN
QUOTED SAYING IT'S AN ENTIRE
NATION OUT THERE THAT IS
RESPONSIBLE.
IT IS NOT TRUE ABOUT THIS
RHETORIC ABOUT CIVILIANS NOT
AWARE, NOT INVOLVED.
IT'S ABSOLUTELY NOT TRUE.
ISRAELI MINISTER OF DEFENSE IS
QUOTED AS SAYING WE ARE
FIGHTING HUMAN ANIMALS AND WE
ARE ACTING ACCORDINGLY.
ISRAELI CABINET MINISTER
OF HERITAGE SAID WAS QUOTED
SAYING THE NORTH OF THE GAZA
STRIP MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN EVER
EVERYTHING IS BLOWN UP AND AND
SIMPLY A CLOSURE FOR THE EYES.
ISRAELI MINISTER OF AGRICULTURE
I WAS QUOTED RECALLING THE
NAKBA OF 1948 SAYING THAT WE
ARE NOW ACTUALLY RULING OUT THE
GAZA NAKBA ISRAELI ARMY
RESERVIST MAJOR GENERAL IS
QUOTED SAYING ISRAEL HAS NO
INTEREST IN THE GAZA IT BEING
REHABILITATED AND THIS IS AN
IMPORTANT PART THAT NEEDS TO BE
MADE CLEAR IF WE EVER WANT TO
SEE THE HOSTAGES ALIVE.
>> THE ONLY WAY IS TO CREATE A
SEVERE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS IN
GAZA IS ALSO QUOTED SAYING THAT
THE STATE OF ISRAEL HAS NO
CHOICE BUT TO MAKE GAZA A PLACE
THAT IS TEMPORARILY OR
PERMANENTLY IMPOSSIBLE TO LIVE
IN AND GAZA WILL BECOME A PLACE
WHERE NO HUMAN BEING CAN EXIST
.
THESE ARE NOT JUST OPINIONS
THAT ARE MAINSTREAMED IN THE
GOVERNMENT AND MILITARY AS WELL
AS IN MEDIA AND CIVIL SOCIETY.
IN THE FOLLOWING QUOTES COME
FROM THAT IT IS EITHER US OR
THEM AND WE SHOULD CLARIFY THE
QUESTION OF WHO IS THEM.
THEY ARE NOT ONLY HAMAS
FIGHTERS WITH WEAPONS BUT ALSO
ALL THE CIVILIAN OFFICIALS
INCLUDING HOSPITAL
ADMINISTRATORS AND SCHOOL
ADMINISTRATOR AND ALSO THE
ENTIRE GAZA POPULATION.
>> THERE HAVE BEEN CALLS FOR
GAZA TO BE ERASED TURNED INTO A
SLAUGHTERHOUSE.
THAT OMISSION HAMAS SHOULD NOT
ONLY BE ELIMINATED BUT RATHER
GAZA SHOULD BE RAISED.
>> THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS GREAT
FULSOM
.
I SPEAK FOR MYSELF ALONE BUT
FROM THE FRAMEWORK OF BEING A
FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE
ORIGINAL UNITED STATES AND
CANADIAN DENOMINATION OF THE
RELIGIOUS SOCIETY OF FRIENDS
QUAKERS WE REALIZE THE THIN
BLUE LINE NEEDS TO BE WIDENED
BY WELL RESEARCHED AND TRAINED
PEOPLE WILLING TO STEP UP AND
THAT IS THE VIGILANTE'S BUT IS
AN ARMED AND WELL TRAINED
PEACEMAKERS.
EACH OF MY FOUR SONS WAS REARED
QUAKER OPPOSED TO ALL FORMS
OF VIOLENCE YET AWARE THAT MOST
HUMANS CANNOT IMAGINE
CIVILIZATION WITHOUT PEOPLE
HAVING A LICENSE TO KILL.
MY YOUNGEST SON IS A PROFESSOR
AT PHILADELPHIA'S TEMPLE
UNIVERSITY WHERE HE TEACHES
NONVIOLENT CONFLICT RESOLUTION
AND WORKS WITH PHILADELPHIA'S
CRISIS INTERVENTION SERVICES.
OVER A QUARTER CENTURY AGO
MEMPHIS WAS THE FIRST AMERICAN
CITY TO PURSUE NONVIOLENT
CONFLICT RESOLUTION.
>> I ASKED CITY COUNCIL TO
REAFFIRM THE RESOLUTION TO
WHICH YOU HAVE OPENLY COMMITTED
A CITIZEN MIND BODY THAT
RECOGNIZES BRINGING GUNS INTO
UNCOMFORTABLE SITUATIONS IS
UNFAIR TO THOSE IN DISTRESS AS
WELL AS LAW ENFORCEMENT WEAPONS
CAN BE MORE TEMPTATIONS TO
RESORT TO ATTEMPTS FOR
IMPOSSIBLE IMMEDIATE CESSATION
THAN SOLUTIONS OF LASTING
DURATION.
YOUR TIME IS VALUABLE AS A FIVE
TIME CANCER SURVIVOR SO MY LIFE
OR I WOULD HAVE SURRENDERED
LONG AGO IF EACH COUNCIL PERSON
IS NOT THOROUGHLY READ THE RFP
I ENCOURAGE YOU TO DO SO IF YOU
HAVE STATIC THIS REQUEST TO
IMPROVE PUBLIC SAFETY I ASK YOU
TO OPENLY SPECIFY WHERE IT DOES
NOT ALIGN WITH YOUR PREVIOUSLY
STATED VISION.
I CAN SEE THAT TRANSITIONING
MAY NOT BE AS SMOOTH AS
BUSINESS AS USUAL.
HOWEVER BUILDING A CARING
COMMUNITY CAN DEMONSTRATE OUR
GREATNESS IN MORE PLACES THAN
ON A FOOTBALL FIELD.
I ENDORSE CARE BASED SAFETY
DESIGN ONE HUNDRED PERCENT AND
AS THIS COUNCIL TO ACT WITH A
VISION THAT PERFECTS THAT
OF PHILADELPHIA AND MEMPHIS
IS
A COUNTRY
THE THIS CALLER IS ON
ZOOME PLEASE PRESS STAR NINE TO
RAISE YOUR HAND HUMAIRA
COQUETRY PHONE NUMBER ENDING AN
EIGHT ZERO ONE
MAYOR THIS
CALLER IS NOT ON
OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS BARRY GANNETS
THANK
YOU I APPRECIATE THE
OPPORTUNITY TO TALK TO THE
COUNCIL MEMBERS TO THE COUNCIL
CHAIR I WOULD LIKE TO MAKE THE
FOLLOWING FOCUS HERE.
ANY CALLS FOR A CEASE FIRE THEY
DO NOT REMOVE DID NOT CALL TO
REMOVE HAMAS ARE ANTI-SEMITIC
AND ANTI PALESTINIAN.
IF IN OUR COUNCIL CHIMES INTO
INTERNATIONAL AFFAIRS HE CANNOT
AFFORD TO VOICE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTIONS THAT ULTIMATELY
INCREASE THE MISERY IMPOSED ON
THE PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE AND THAT
RAISE ANTI-SEMITISM HERE THE
IMPORTANT CONTEXT JOHN SPENCER
,A U.S. ARMY RETIRED OFFICER
EXPERT IN URBAN WARFARE
DESCRIBES WHAT HAMAS DID ON
OCTOBER SEVEN IS UNLEASHING
OVER THOUSAND.
>> GEOFFREY THOMAS, ANYONE WHO
IS CAPABLE OF DISTINGUISHING
GOOD FROM EVIL CAN TELL THE
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN WHAT HAMAS
DID ON OCTOBER SEVEN KILLING,
BURNING, KIDNAPING INNOCENT
CIVILIANS IN ACTIONS FROM
ACTIONS TO MAKE SURE THAT SUCH
ATROCITIES ARE NOT REPEATED.
THE MISERY AND DESTRUCTION
FORCED ON CIVILIANS ON BOTH
SIDES STEM FROM THE
OCTOBER SEVEN ATTACK.
ANYONE NOT CONDEMNING HAMAS NOT
ONLY LOST THE MORAL COMPASS BUT
IS ALSO NOT PRO PALESTINIAN.
>> A TRUE PALESTINIAN
SYMPATHIZER MUST CALL FOR A
CEASE FIRE AND AT THE SAME TIME
FOR THE LIBERATION OF THE GAZAN
PEOPLE FROM A VIOLENT GRIP BY
THE HAMAS REGIME.
>> SURELY ANY COUNTRY HAS THE
RIGHT TO DEFEND ITSELF IS
RESPONDING TO THE HAMAS ATTACK
MUST NOT BE DIFFERENT IN THAT
RESPECT ESPECIALLY WHEN HAMAS
IS NOT SHY WITH ITS AGENDA FOR
CLEANSING THE RIVER TO SEE
TERRITORY FROM JEWS ANY
RESOLUTION FOR CEASE FIRE
WITHOUT DEMANDING TO DISMANTLE
HAMAS IS NOT HELPING THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE.
IN FACT, WE CAN GO BACK TO THE
SAME CEASEFIRE THAT WAS IN
PLACE BEFORE OCTOBER SEVEN ONLY
AND ONLY AFTER HAMAS IS REMOVED
FROM A POSITION OF POWER.
ANY CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE MUST
EQUAL A CALL TO REMOVAL
OF HAMAS.
IN FACT, PALESTINIAN VOICES FOR
A LASTING SOLUTION MUST ADOPT
THE UNDERSTANDING THAT ISRAEL
AS A JEWISH STATE EXISTS AND
WILL CONTINUE TO EXIST.
ANY OTHER CALLS FOR ARE
DELUSIONAL AND WILL CONTINUE TO
FOSTER VIOLENCE AND DEATH ON
BOTH SIDES.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH TO THE
THREE
.
THANK YOU VERY.
OUR NEXT SPEAKERS ALAN HABOUR
ALSO SOUND SYSTEM HERE BETTER I
DROVE MY WAY TO THE THAT TO
PASS SOLUTION FOR AUSTRIAN BOTH
SIDES ISRAEL RELEASES GAZA WAR.
I SAY THE ISRAELIS
INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE
JOHN SAID I HOPE YOU WATCH THE
GENOCIDE.
IT IS ALSO MY SAYS LEADERSHIP
CALL.
THIS WILL BE THE SINGLE
DESTRUCTION'S AS I HAVE SAID
ALL TOO SAD AND IT CANNOT BE ON
SAME CONGREGATION PALESTINE THE
THE JEWISH COMMUNITY NOT BRING
PEOPLE TO BE PRESENT QUOTES
ABBAS AND KILL THEM ALL THEY
ARE THE REAL SYSTEM FOR THIS
FULL SPECTRUM DOMINATION HAS
BEEN UNCOVERED FROM THE PAST
COULD BE THE DOMINATING AND ALL
ARE GOING TO BE ON THE COMMONS
.
THE CHANCE TO CHANGE IS WHAT WE
NEED JUST ISRAEL AND HAMAS FROM
EVERYWHERE SUPPORTS AL CALL
TO
TALK MODELS OF DOMINATION,
SABOTAGE TO THE PEACEFUL
COMPETITION AND PAIN ASHAMED
AND HELP IN THIS TERRIBLE TIME
OF WAR MAY BE GREATER HELP THE
RESOLUTION SUPPORT FOR WE
SHOULD ALL FOR TO APPLY FOR
ASSISTANCE WILL CONTINUE TO BE
PAID WITCHETTY NOW.
OH AND DORMANDY CLOSE CLOSE TO
BREAKING APART BECOME
VIGILANTES AND NEXT MONDAY TO
THE MARTIN LUTHER KING DAY.
SAY YOUR DREAM AND NOBODY AND
THERE WON'T BE LIBERTY PLAZA TO
CALL THERE BUT IN A FREE ROOM
OF THE LIBRARY SAY YOUR DREAM.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JENNIFER
HINDA, OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
JENNIFER HEIMBACH.
GOOD EVENING EVERYONE.
HAPPY NEW YEAR.
MY NAME IS JEN HEINBERG AND I'M
A REGISTERED VOTER AND ONE
OF YOUR NEIGHBORS FROM IPSI
FOUR EIGHT ONE NINE EIGHT.
THERE IS A LOT GOING ON IN
MICHIGAN RIGHT NOW.
THE MEDICI TALENT ACTION TEAM,
THE MICHIGANDERS SCHOLARS THE
LAUNCH OF THE YOU CAN MAKE IT
IN MICHIGAN NATIONAL CAMPAIGN
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN GRANTS
BEING AWARDED BY OUR STATE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT FOR ALL
SORTS OF INITIATIVES IN
MANUFACTURING SUPPLY CHAIN.
EVEY'S AND CLEAN TECH WITH A
GOAL TO MAKE MICHIGAN A STATE
FULL OF A STATE FULL
OF ATTRACTIVE, VIBRANT
COMMUNITIES WHERE PEOPLE WANT
TO LIVE, WORK AND GROW.
I DON'T ENVY YOUR SEAT ON THE
CITY COUNCIL.
YOUR ATTENTION IS PULLED IN SO
MANY DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS AT
ALL TIMES AND THERE ARE ONLY SO
MANY HOURS IN THE DAY.
YOU WEAR A LOT OF HATS AND YOU
EACH HAVE YOU ALL MEET YOUR OWN
NEEDS WANTS PASSIONS AND
STRUGGLES.
>> BUT I WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT
I SEE YOU WITH RADICAL LOVE.
I SEE YOU YOUR COMPLEXITY AS A
HUMAN.
I SEE IT AND LOVE MEANS GIVING
THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT.
SO I TRUST EACH OF YOU ARE
DOING YOUR BEST WITH ALL THE
TOOLS AND INFORMATION AND
SPOONS THAT YOU HAVE AT ANY
GIVEN TIME.
WE ALL ARE.
WE ALL NEED COMPASSION AND CARE
.
MANY OF US ARE ONE MOMENT AWAY
FROM A CRISIS WHICH IS WHY I
WAS GUTTED WHEN I LEARNED THE
CITY CANCELED THE ORIGINAL RFP
FOR UNARMED RESPONSE ESPECIALLY
GIVEN THE MANNER IN WHICH WAS
HANDLED AND ESPECIALLY WHEN A
COMMUNITY DRIVEN CARE BASED
RESPONDENT WAS CREATED TO
PROVIDE THE SERVICE TO ANN
ARBOR.
THE ONLY RESPONDENT IS CARE
ABOUT SAFETY.
I READ THE RFP AND I READ THEIR
PROPOSAL AND I GOT TO TELL YOU
I WAS FLOORED BY THE AMOUNT
OF EXPERTIZE THAT CBS PROVIDED
IN THEIR PLAN.
I STAY PRETTY IN THE KNOW IN
THE MUTUAL CARE NETWORKS IN MY
AREA AND THESE ARE THE PEOPLE
DOING THE WORK STITCHING
TOGETHER SAFETY NETS, MAKING
SOMETHING FROM NOTHING.
THESE ARE THE PEOPLE WHO HAVE
ALREADY SPENT DECADES
INTERACTING WITH AND
REINVIGORATING THE VIOLENT
SYSTEMS THAT SURROUND US ALL
AND LEARNING WHAT IT WOULD TAKE
TO DEVIATE FROM THE STATUS THE
SYSTEMS WE HAVE WATCHED YEAR
AFTER YEAR GOBBLE UP OUR MOST
VULNERABLE RACIALIZED PROFILED
OSTRACIZE AND BRUTALIZED
COMMUNITIES.
CBS IS WILLING AND ABLE TO
BRING THE THE IS SHARED AND
DESPERATELY NEEDED DREAM INTO
REALITY AND THEY ARE FIGHTING
FOR A SLIVER OF THE MONEY
FLYING THROUGH THE STATE SO
THAT WE CAN TRY TO ENSURE A
SAFE PLACE FOR THOSE OF US WHO
LIVE HERE NOW BUT ALSO FOR
THOSE FOR WHOM FOR THOSE THE
STATE IS TRYING TO ATTRACT.
>> SO I URGE THE COUNCIL TO
VOTE YES ON RESOLUTION TWENTY
TWENTY SEVEN AND MOVING FORWARD
I ALSO ASK THAT THEY COMMIT TO
A MUCH MORE TRANSPARENT, TIMELY
AND RESPONSIVE COMMUNICATION.
PEOPLE ARE WEARY AND WE NEED
ACTION NOW FINALLY WE HAVE SEEN
BOTH DOMESTICALLY AND ABROAD
THAT STATE SANCTIONED VIOLENCE
DOES NOT LEAD TO SAFER HEALTH
OR HEALTHIER COMMUNITIES AND
BECAUSE IN OUR THOUSANDS AND IN
OUR MILLIONS WE ARE ALL
PALESTINIANS.
>> SO I ALSO BY SO I ALSO SO I
ALSO URGE ALL COUNCIL MEMBERS
TO VOTE YES AND PASS THE CEASE
FIRE RESOLUTION HOPEFULLY ALSO
RECOMMITTING YOURSELF
PERSONALLY TO THE WORK
OF ANTI-RACISM,
ANTICOLONIALISM, ANTI-SEMITISM
AND I INVITE YOU AND I INVITE
YOU ALL TO JOIN ME IN REREADING
DR. KING'S LETTER FROM
BIRMINGHAM JAIL THIS WEEKEND
BECAUSE IN MY HUMBLE OPINION
THESE DAYS A WHITE MODERATE IS
MUCH MORE OF A STUMBLING BLOCK
AND MUCH MORE DANGEROUS IF THEY
CLAIM THEMSELVES AS A
PROGRESSIVE
CAN BE CAMMERMEYER
CHANDLER MYERS PHONE NUMBER
SEVEN FOR EIGHT PROSCAR ON MEET
YOUR PHONE.
GO AHEAD.
OH OK.
THE CONCEPT OF CAMPUS SAFETY
MODEL FOR THE TOPIC
OF SIGNIFICANT INTEREST IN
DISCUSSING WITHIN OUR
COMMUNITY.
THIS MODEL DEVELOPED WITH INPUT
FROM ANN ARBOR RESIDENTS
PROMISES AN INNOVATIVE APPROACH
MOVING AWAY FROM TRADITIONAL
PARADIGM OR MORE COMMUNITY
COMFORT AN AIR POCKET SOLUTION
SO THAT FIVE OF THE BIGGEST
STATEMENT TO ME THAT THE CITY
HAD CANCELED THE ORIGINAL RFP
FOR OUR RESPONSE IN ANN ARBOR
ESPECIALLY WHEN A COMMUNITY
BASED UPON CREATE
CREATED PROVIDE THE ESSENTIAL
SERVICE TANAGRA AND THE ONLY
RESPONSE TO THAT BEING PR
SAFETY I URGE THE CITY COUNCIL
TO CONSIDER THE FOLLOWING
REQUEST AS WE MOVE FORWARD BOTH
TRANSPARENCY ENGAGEMENT IT'S
ESSENTIAL FOR THE COUNCIL TO
DIRECT STAFF TO COMMIT TO AN
OPEN, CLEAR AND TRANSPARENT
PROCESS AS WE ENTER ANOTHER RFP
PERIOD FOR PUBLICLY
COMMUNICATED.
BUT THE REASON FOR THE RECENT
ARCTIC CANCELATION WAS DUE TO A
CHANGE IN SCOPE.
IF THEY'VE NOT SPECIFY WHAT
THOSE CHANGES ENTAIL
UNDERSTANDING THE REASONS
BEHIND THE CANCELATION OF THE
ORIGINAL RFP AND HOW THIS
DECISION ALIGNS WITH THE CITY'S
OTHER GOALS FOR COMMUNITY
SAFETY AS WELL AS MERCURIC
RESOLUTION.
>> I WOULD BE HELPFUL THAT
INFORMED DECISION MAKING.
I ENCOURAGED THE COUNCIL TO
DIRECT STAFF TO PROVIDE MORE
TIMELY UPDATES ONCE THE NEW RFP
HAS BEEN ISSUED MISSING A
STATED DEADLINE TO THREE MONTHS
WITHOUT MEANINGFUL
COMMUNICATION DOES NOT ENGENDER
TRUST AND MUTUAL RESPECT WITHIN
THE COMMUNITY.
>> NEXT TIME WE HAVE TO RESPOND
RECOGNIZING THE TIME SENSITIVE
NATURE OF THE FUNDING AVAILABLE
FOR THIS INITIATIVE, I
REQUESTED THE COUNCIL DIRECT
STAFF TO ACT WITH URGENCY IN
THE DEVELOPMENT BENEATH OUR
FEET A THREE AND A HALF MILLION
DOLLARS OF OUR BROOKLYN.
>> I WOULD LIKE TO FOCUS ON THE
WORDING OF SPECIFIC POINT
OF TODAY'S RESOLUTION.
I QUOTE AT TANAGRA CITY COUNCIL
DIRECT TO THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR TO ENGAGE IN A
MORE TARGETED APPROACH
PUBLICIZING FEET IN ADDITION TO
THE METHODS USED FOR TWENTY
THREE FORTY TWO THEREBY
INCREASING THE LIKELIHOOD
OF RECEIVING MULTIPLE PROPOSALS
TO EVALUATE.
I DO RESPECT THE DESIRE TO SEEK
MORE OPPORTUNITY FOR GOOD IDEAS
BUT PLEASE REMEMBER THAT CBS
AND CBS THE PROPOSAL WAS
DEVELOPED BY AND FOR OUR LOCAL
COMMUNITY.
I FIND IT UNLIKELY THAT ANY
NATIONAL ORGANIZATION PROPOSAL
WILL AS WELL RESEARCHED AND SET
FOR AN HOUR AS THE PROPOSAL
GIVEN BY CBS AND IN LINE WITH
THE VALUES THAT THIS COUNCIL
HAS ALREADY COMMITTED TO THE A
SAFETY MODEL REPRESENTS A
SIGNIFICANT STEP TOWARDS A MORE
COMPASSIONATE AND EFFECTIVE
APPROACH TO COMMUNITY SAFETY.
I BELIEVE WITH FULL
CONSIDERATION AND COLLABORATIVE
EFFORT WE CAN ESTABLISH A
SYSTEM TO REALLY REFLECT THE
VALUES AND NEEDS OF THE
SENATOR.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION TO
THIS MATTER AND FOR YOUR
DEDICATION TO OUR COMMUNITIES
WELL-BEING.
>> I ALSO DO SUPPORT THE
RESOLUTION FOR A CEASE FIRE.
THANK YOU.
>> IT IS MORE GALPER IS GOING
TO A FOR THE NO.
>> EIGHT.
THANK YOU
ALL WITH THE PHONE
NUMBER AGAIN ZERO EIGHT NINE
FOUR STAR SIX MUTE YOUR PHONE
GO AHEAD AND LISTEN.
>> I AM ANN ARBOR RESIDENT AND
I AM ALSO THE MEMBERS TO CARE
FOR JP AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN.
>> I'M CALLING TODAY TO SPEAK
IN SUPPORT OF A CEASEFIRE ON
ARMED POLICE ASSAULT FOR ANN
ARBOR AS A MICHIGAN STUDENT
OVER THE PAST FEW MONTHS I HAVE
WITNESSED AN INCREASE IN POLICE
REPRESSION, VIOLENCE AND
SUPPRESSION OF PALESTINIAN
ACTIVISM ON CAMPUS BY ZIONIST
INSTITUTIONS AND UNIVERSITY
ADMINISTRATION.
THIS COMES AT A TIME WHEN AN
UNPRECEDENTED NUMBER OF YOUNG
ANTI ZIONIST YOUTH ARE ACTUALLY
SPEAKING OUT IN SUPPORT
OF PALESTINIAN HUMAN RIGHTS.
>> OUR NUMBERS WILL ONLY
CONTINUE TO GROW.
LOOK AROUND THE ROOM RIGHT NOW
AND LOOK AT THE SIGNS THAT YOU
SEE IN PRESENT.
>> YOU ARE HERE THAT DAY AND
WE'RE HERE TO STAND IN
SOLIDARITY WITH PALESTINIANS.
THE CALL FOR YOU FIRE TO OPPOSE
MILITARY VIOLENCE AT HOME AND
ABROAD AND TO SHOW THAT TRUE
THROUGH ANTI-SEMITISM CAN ONLY
BE ACHIEVED WHEN WE FIGHT
AGAINST THE OPPRESSION OF ALL
PEOPLE.
>> YOU SHOULD KNOW THIS THAT WE
KNOW THAT WE CAN NOT FIGHT FOR
OUR OWN SAFETY ALONE AND WE
KNOW THAT OUR SAFETY CAN NEVER
COME AT THE EXPENSE OF ANOTHER
PEOPLE.
RIGHT NOW WE ARE SEEING ZIONIST
INSTITUTIONS AND INDIVIDUAL
WEAPONIZED ANTI-SEMITISM IN A
WAY THAT ACTUALLY MAKES LESS
SAFE.
I FIND MYSELF DARED TO CALL
THAT LEGITIMATE ANTI-SEMITISM
FOR FEAR THAT I WOULD FALL INTO
THE CAMP OF THE BOY WHO CRIED
WOLF BECAUSE SO MANY FALSE
ACCUSATIONS OF ANTI-SEMITISM
ARE BEING LEVELED AGAINST
PALESTINIANS WHO ARE SIMPLY
ACTING FOR THEIR RIGHT TO HAVE
SELF-DETERMINATION, LIVE IN
SAFETY AND BE SECURE.
BUT WE'RE CURRENTLY SEEING IN
PALESTINE AMOUNTS TO A GENOCIDE
.
MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ARE BEING
ETHNICALLY CLEANSED.
THESE PEOPLE ARE INDIGENOUS TO
THE LAND AND THE TIME THAT WE
START PRIORITIZING ZIONIST
FEELINGS OF DISCOMFORT OVER THE
MATERIAL SAFETY OF MILLIONS
OF PEOPLE OVER 30000 PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN KILLED IN THE LAST
THREE MONTHS.
THERE'S NO JUSTIFICATION FOR
THIS AND THERE IS NOT ANY DOUBT
IN MY MIND THAT THIS IS A
GENOCIDAL CAMPAIGN.
IT IS NOT SELF-DEFENSE ANY AT
THIS POINT TO TURN THE
CONVERSATION TOWARDS HAMAR ARE
COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS AND WE
WON'T STAND FOR IT.
WE'RE SEEING THE NEWS .
WE'RE READING THE ARTICLE.
WE UNDERSTAND THAT CHILDREN ARE
BEING KILLED, THAT MEN ARE
BEING ROUNDED UP AND SHOT AT.
IDF SOLDIERS ARE EXERCISING THE
MOST INHUMANE WAR CRIMES WE'VE
EVER SEEN IN ALL OF THIS AND
WE'RE WATCHING WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT OUR ELECTED OFFICIALS DO
NOTHING BUT THIS IS A LOCAL
ISSUE AND YOU GUYS HAVE THE
POWER TO DO SOMETHING.
MICHIGAN STUDENTS ARE FACING
INCREASED REPRESSION.
PALESTINA ARE BEING KILLED IN
NUMBERS THAT WE'VE NEVER SEEN
BEFORE.
SO I'M ASKING YOU TODAY TO
PLEASE SUPPORT THE CEASEFIRE
RESOLUTION BECAUSE IT IS
RELEVANT THROUGHOUT THE HOME
AND TO FOLLOW UP WITH THAT BUT
ALSO VOTING IN FAVOR OF AN
UNARMED POLICE RESPONSE.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
>> IS CLOSE TO STRONG DURING
ADVERSITY.
THANK YOU.
I'D LIKE YOU TO SPEAK FOR THE
CEASEFIRE RESOLUTION.
FIRSTLY THERE'S CLEAR SOME
MISCONCEPTIONS, SOME PEOPLE
SAID THERE WAS A CEASEFIRE
BEFORE OCTOBER 7TH.
NO, THERE HASN'T BEEN A
CEASEFIRE SINCE 1948.
UN CHIEF COLORISTS POINTED OUT
THE HAMAS ATTACKED DID NOT
HAPPEN IN A VACUUM ACCORDING TO
UN DATA FROM 2008 TO
OCTOBER SIX TWENTY THREE THREE
SIX THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED SIX
SEVENTEEN PALESTINIANS ARE
KILLED DUE TO THE OCCUPATION
AND CONFLICT THAT EQUATES TO AT
LEAST ONE PALESTINIAN BEING
KILLED EVERY SINGLE DAY.
SOME PEOPLE SAY LET THE
HOSTAGES GO HOME.
OF COURSE THEY SHOULD GO HOME.
SO DO THE FIVE POINT NINE
MILLION PALESTINIAN REFUGEES
DISPLACED BY ISRAEL.
HELLO.
I'M NOT HERE TO CONDEMN.
I'M HERE FOR A REVOLUTION.
YOU MAY ASK WHY IS THIS IS OUR
CITY COUNCIL'S BUSINESS?
WHY DO WE HAVE TO PASS IT
TODAY?
IT IS OUR BUSINESS BECAUSE NOT
ONLY PALESTINIAN BUT ALSO AND
OTHERS ARE SUFFERING FROM THE
CONFLICT.
ARAB STUDENTS ARE BEING CALLED
TERRORISTS.
OUR TEACHERS CAN EXPRESS THEIR
FEELINGS.
CITIZENS ARE BEING BOXED.
PEOPLE ARE RECEIVING DEATH
THREATS IS OUR BUSINESS BECAUSE
WHEN THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT
FAILS TO DO THE RIGHT THING IT
IS LOCAL GOVERNMENT OBLIGATION
TO CONVEY THE SENTIMENTS OF ITS
PEOPLE.
ON DECEMBER EIGHT THE US VETOED
A U.N. CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION
DESPITE DESPITE BACKING FROM 13
OUT OF 50 A 15 SECURITY
SECURITY COUNCIL MEMBERS.
HERE'S AN OLD JOKE WHERE
EVERYONE ELSE IS DRIVING THE
WRONG WAY.
YOU ARE THE WRONG WAY DRIVER
NO, IT'S THIS GUY.
THE US BACK ON THE RIGHT TRACK
PATH PASSED.
I SUPPORT THIS RESOLUTION
SPECIFICALLY BECAUSE IT
SUPPORTS COMMUNITIES WITHOUT
MEANINGLESS BIASED
CONDEMNATIONS.
IT ACKNOWLEDGES PALESTINIANS AS
MORE THAN JUST A MURDEROUS
GROUP.
MY ASK IS THIS HUMBLE?
WHY SHOULD YOU OUR CITY COUNCIL
MEMBERS PASS THE RESOLUTION
BECAUSE TENS OF OTHER CITIES
HAVE ALREADY PASSED THE CEASE
FIRE RESOLUTIONS DETROIT SAN
FRANCISCO TO NAME A THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT IS SHIFTING ITS
STANCE.
ON DECEMBER 22ND US ABSTAINED
RATHER THAN VETO A RESOLUTION
IN UN SECURITY COUNCIL MEETINGS
ARE INCREASINGLY CRITICIZING
ISRAEL'S INHUMANE ACTIONS.
TIMES ARE CHANGING AND PASSING.
>> THIS WILL MAKE YOU A CITY
LOSS AS WELL AS ANOTHER PROUD
YOU CAN PUT ON YOUR RESUME.
THAT CONCLUDES MY COMMENTS.
THANK YOU
.
BRIAN COBURN AS THE SPEAKER WHO
PRECEDED ME MENTIONED TENS
OF CITY COUNCILS AROUND THIS
COUNTRY.
IT'S ACTUALLY THE NUMBER IS
FIFTEEN AS WE STAND HERE PASSED
A RESOLUTION SUPPORTING A CEASE
FIRE IN GAZA IF ARABA IS NOT
THE SIXTEENTH BY THE END
OF THIS EVENING IT WILL BE
ANOTHER BETRAYAL OF THE CITY'S
NOW DIMINISHING LEGACY
OF PROGRESSIVE POLITICS.
WELL, CITY GOVERNMENT SEEMINGLY
HAS NO ANSWERS AND NO
RESISTANCE TO GREEDY
DEVELOPERS.
AN OPPORTUNITY HAS ARISEN FOR
THIS COUNCIL TO PRACTICE
RELATIVELY SAFE POLITICS TOWARD
AN ISSUE TAKING PLACE THOUSANDS
OF MILES AWAY COULD SAY NO TO A
CEASE FIRE WHO COULD SHOW SUCH
AMBIVALENCE TO GENOCIDE BY
CITIES TO PASS A CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION ARE LOCATED RIGHT
HERE IN SOUTHEASTERN MICHIGAN
WHICH HAVE CONSTITUENCY'S
COMPRISED OF SOME OF THE
LARGEST ARAB COMMUNITIES IN
AMERICA AND HAS ALREADY FALLEN
BEHIND ITS NEIGHBORS.
THAT SHOULD BE AN EMBARRASSMENT
TO A CITY THAT ONCE LED THE WAY
NATIONALLY IN MATTERS OF PEACE
AND
EMBARRASSMENT TONIGHT.
>> HELLO.
I AM A REPRESENTATIVE OF THE
COALITION AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN A COALITION OF OVER
70 ORGANIZATIONS AND GROWING
THE LARGEST MULTI-ETHNIC
COALITION TO EVER FORM AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN TO CALL
FOR DIVESTMENT FROM ISRAEL.
IF THIS BILL DOES NOT PASS THIS
RESOLUTION WE WILL BRING ALL
POWER AND PRESSURE FROM THE
STUDENT BODY TO THIS COUNCIL
SETTING BY THE ADMINISTRATION
AND THE STUDENTS AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN WILL BE
ACCOUNTABLE AND WILL MOBILIZE
CONSISTENTLY AND
UNAPOLOGETICALLY AGAINST THIS.
BUT IF YOU DO NOT PASS A CEASE
FIRE RESOLUTION YOU ARE NOT TOO
FAR US IN OUR MOVEMENT WILL
EXTEND TO YOU AS WELL BECAUSE
ONCE MY NAME IS IN I LOVE THE
CITY I DEEPLY ROOTS IN THIS
COMMUNITY AND FOR THAT REASON
I'M HERE TO STAND UP FOR MY
PEOPLE.
I AM A BLACK LAPEER.
MY HISTORY IS INTERTWINED WITH
THE SUFFERING AND STRUGGLE TO
MY PEOPLE AND TODAY I AM HERE
FOR MY PEOPLE.
I MAY NOT BE PALESTINIAN BY
BLOOD.
MY HEART IS WITH THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE.
THEY ARE MY COMMUNITY, MY
FAMILY JUST AS THEY ARE FOR
EVERYONE ELSE IN THIS ROOM EVEN
IF YOU DO NOT REALIZE IT, HOW
LUCKY IS ALL THAT SEPARATES YOU
FROM ANY OTHER PEOPLE ON THE
PLANET?
MY PERSONAL LIFE RIGHT NOW
LIVING IN THE RICHEST, MOST
POWERFUL COUNTRY IN THE WORLD
THERE'S NOTHING ELSE THAT
DISTINGUISHES YOU FROM THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE, NOTHING
ELSE YOU THAN MY MY BABY.
YOU ARE NOT BETTER ABLE TO
SUPPORT YOUR LIFE ABSOLVES YOU
FROM THE RESPONSIBILITIES YOU
ARE TRULY ON.
I'M PRIVILEGED TO SPEAK UP FOR
THOSE IN GREATEST NEED IS A
SIGN OF WANTON DISREGARD OF THE
BLESSING OF LUCK HAS BEEN
BESTOWED UPON YOU IS
PEACEFULNESS.
I WAS A LITTLE GRUMBLING ABOUT
SLAVERY, THE HOLOCAUST, THE
CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT.
I ALWAYS IMAGINED WHAT MY
FAMILY DID DURING THIS TIME AND
HEARING THOSE STORIES NOW WOULD
BE INSPIRING AND SO DISAPPOINTS
ME NEVERTHELESS I WOULD NEVER
GROW UP TO REPEAT THIS SORRY
NEVER GREW UP TO REPEAT THE
SAME SENSE OF MY ANCESTORS AND
TWENTY YEARS FROM MUST SPEAKING
CHILDREN YOUR GRANDCHILDREN I
WOULD LIKE YOU TO REMEMBER
THESE NEXT FEW WEEKS WE TALK
ABOUT WHAT YOU DID.
YOU WILL BE ABLE TO SAY THE
FOLLOWING BUT I SAW THE IMAGES
OF BABIES BORN TO PIECES BY
BOMBS.
I DID NOTHING WHEN I HEARD THE
WEAPONS CRY BEGGING TO AND AWAY
THEY HAD NO POWER IN CREATING I
DID NOTHING OR WHITE PHOSPHORUS
IN THE BONES I DID NOTHING IN
THE CITY COUNCIL PERSON WITH A
VOICE TO DO SOMETHING THE POWER
TO DO SOMETHING WITH YOUR VOICE
TO SAY SOMETHING AND I DID
NOTHING BUT WATCH YOUR
DESCENDANTS WILL BE DESTROYED
BY AN ACTION.
THEY'LL BE ASHAMED.
PERHAPS THEY'LL EVEN TRY TO
DISMISS THEMSELVES FROM YOU.
THEY'LL SAY I'M NOT LIKE THEM.
I WOULD'VE DONE SOMETHING.
I REFUSE MY POWER NO MATTER HOW
LITTLE TIME I HAVE HAD FOR THE
PRESERVATION OF ALL PEOPLE.
HOPEFULLY THEY WILL.
THAT IS YOUR FUTURE IF YOU
CONTINUE WHAT YOU'RE DOING
RIGHT NOW AT THE QUIET MASSES
DEDICATED TO NEUTRALITY, THE
PEACE, SLAVERY, DISCRIMINATION
AND APARTHEID WHICH IS
HAPPENING RIGHT NOW THAT IS
UNLESS YOU CALL FOR A CEASE
FIRE THEN YOU'LL BE REMEMBERED
AS SOMEONE OF ACTION AS SOMEONE
ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY,
AS A CHAMPION FOR THE LIVES
OF THE INNOCENTS CHILDREN.
YOU WILL MAKE YOUR JOB AS A
CITY COUNCIL PRESIDENT ACTUALLY
MEANS SOMETHING MORE THAN A
GLASS VERSUS ELECTRIC WAS A LOT
MORE IMPORTANT THAT WAS MORE TO
GO TO WASTE.
AND I JUST WANT TO SAY TO MY
BROTHERS AND SISTERS WE DON'T
HATE YOU TO ALL PEOPLE BLACK
LIBERATION, LATINO LIBERATION,
PALESTINIAN LIBERATION
ORGANIZATION, THE BLACK PEOPLE
IN PALESTINE AND APARTHEID YOU
IS LEAVING
.
OK GOOD.
GOOD EVENING.
MY NAME'S ARIEL LEVY.
I'M A DUAL ISRAELI AMERICAN
CITIZEN.
I GREW UP IN ISRAEL, MOVED TO
THE U.S. WHEN I WAS TWENTY TWO.
FIRST I WANT TO ACKNOWLEDGE THE
COUNCIL FOR THE SENSITIVITY AND
DESIRE TO HEAR FROM THE
CONSTITUENTS.
MY CONCERN IS NOT WITH THE
CONTENT OF RESOLUTION DC ONE
MORE THAN THE FACT THAT WE'RE
EVEN HAVING THIS CONVERSATION
HERE I WAS DISCUSSING THIS HERE
IS FORCING THE MASSES, MANY
OF WHICH ARE NOT SPECIALISTS IN
THE END NO MATTER TO CHOOSE
SIDES LIKE THIS IS SOME KIND
OF SPORTS MATCH OR SOMETHING
THAT IT'S JUST BLACK AND WHITE.
THIS FURTHER DIVIDES AND ALL
PAINED PEOPLE ON ALL SIDES
CAN'T FOCUS ON WHAT WE NEED TO
DO WHICH IS LEAD HEALTHY
CONSTRUCTIVE CONVERSATION AND
TRY TO MOVE FORWARD FROM THIS
AWFUL PAIN.
WHEN I SAY PAIN I AM TALKING
ABOUT BOTH SIDES BUT ISRAEL
WENT THROUGH AND CONTINUES TO
GO THROUGH SINCE THE
OCTOBER 7TH MASSACRE AND ONE
HUNDRED AND THIRTY SIX HOSTAGES
THAT WE STILL DON'T KNOW THEIR
FATE IS OUR PAIN.
IT'S A VALID PAIN PERIOD.
WHAT THE PALESTINIANS HAVE GONE
THROUGH IN HISTORY AND WHAT
THEY'RE GOING THROUGH IN GAZA
RIGHT NOW IS SO AWFUL THAT
SHOULD BE SAID AS WELL PERIOD
AS THAT NABIL IS ONE OF THE
MORE EDUCATED POPULATIONS IN
THE US.
I DO EXPECT US ALL TO DO BETTER
WHEN IT COMES TO POLITICAL
DISCOURSE.
I'M HEARING BLACK AND WHITE
ISRAEL'S OPPRESSED PALESTINIANS
ARE VICTIMS.
HAMAS IS A LIBERATOR.
NO, HAMAS IS A TERRORIST NATION
BLACK AND WHITE.
WE NEED TO HEAR MORE GREAT.
I HAVE NO PROBLEM GIVING GROUND
ON THE ISRAELI SIDE.
I OPPOSE IT.
KENEALLY'S GOVERNMENT I HAVE
PERSONALLY BEEN IN TEL AVIV AND
PROTESTED AGAINST THEM WITH MY
MANY ISRAELI FRIENDS AND SAME
THE SAME POPULATION THAT IS
TRYING TO FIGHT THIS AWFUL
REGIME.
ISRAEL NEEDS A STABLE
DEMOCRATIC GOVERNMENT NO DOUBT
.
NOW PLEASE SHOW ME SOME GREAT
ON THE PALESTINIAN SIDE.
I WANT TO HEAR THIS FROM THE
OTHER SIDE.
LET'S TALK ABOUT QATARI MONEY.
LET'S TALK ABOUT IRANIAN
FUNDING.
LET'S TALK ABOUT IRAN'S CALL TO
WIPE ISRAEL OFF THE MAP.
LET'S TALK ABOUT THE IRANIAN
POPULATION IS ACTUALLY STUCK
WITH A SIMILAR ISSUE WITH THE
AYATOLLAH AND THEIR WILLINGNESS
TO SPILL OUR BLOOD BE IT
PALESTINIAN, LEBANESE, YEMENI,
SYRIAN JUST SO YOU CAN ATTACK
ISRAEL WITHOUT GETTING THEIR
HANDS DIRTY.
>> LET'S TALK ABOUT HAMAS
VERSUS LET'S TALK ABOUT THE LET
ME TALK PLEASE.
LET'S TALK ABOUT WHAT
PERCENTAGE OF THE PALESTINIAN
REALITY IS REALITY IS THEIR OWN
RESPONSIBILITY BECAUSE IT
CANNOT BE ZERO PERCENT.
LET'S TALK ABOUT WHAT IF THIS
IS ISRAEL'S FAULT?
IT IS NOT A HUNDRED PERCENT.
WE NEED A PLACE TO TALK ABOUT
THESE PAINFUL THINGS.
IT'S NOT A CITY HALL.
I'M ALWAYS OPEN TO DOING THAT
AND I'M ASKING PEOPLE TO COME
FORWARD AND LET'S HAVE AN
HONEST, PAINFUL CONVERSATION
BECAUSE IF WE CAN TALK IN A
SAFE PLACE IN ANN ARBOR WE WILL
NOT BE ABLE TO RESOLVE THIS
BACK HOME.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
CONNECTION WITH SURE.
I'M SURE THAT
HAVING REACHED 45
MINUTES WILL NOT MOVE ON THE
BALANCE OF THE PUBLIC SPEAKERS
WILL HAVE THEIR OPPORTUNITY TO
SPEAK AT PUBLIC COMMENT PUBLIC
COMMENT OVERFLOW AT THE TAIL
END OF OUR FULL MEETING
.
OH YEAH THAT'S RIGHT.
I AM REMINDED THAT ONE OF OUR
SPEAKERS WAS NOT PRESENT AND AS
A CONSEQUENCE WE'VE HAD FOUGHT
TENE PUBLIC SPEAKERS RATHER
THAN TUFFIN ALTHOUGH IT HAS
TAKEN FORTY FIVE MINUTES AND
AND WE ARE COMMITTED TO ROLLING
THROUGH THE FIRST FIFTEEN WHO
ARE AVAILABLE AND SO IT'S
PROPER TO INCLUDE MR. KATZMAN.
SO OUR NEXT PUBLIC SPEAKER IS
JARED KATZMANN.
>> THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER.
I SPEAK ON BEHALF OF THE CEASE
FIRE COALITION AND AS A PROUD
JEWISH RESIDENT OF THE NRA
COMMUNITY THIS IS A SIMPLE
UNCONTROVERSIAL RESOLUTION.
IT IS A CALL FOR PEACE.
IT IS BARE BONES AND IT IS THE
BARE MINIMUM THAT WE AS A CITY
CAN DO.
IT CALLS FOR A BILATERAL AND
LASTING CEASE FIRE RELEASE
OF ALL HOSTAGES AND A
SUFFICIENT HUMANITARIAN AID.
THE RESOLUTION IS A RESULT
OF COMPROMISES.
IT IS NOT PROPOSED OR
ANTI-ISRAEL RESOLUTION.
AND SO HERE THE COMPROMISES WE
SEE IT DOESN'T NEED TO MENTION
THE NUMBER OF PALESTINIANS
CHILDREN KILLED, THE NUMBER
OF LIMBS AMPUTATED, THE NUMBER
OF MEN AND WOMEN AND FAMILIES
ALL RAISED THIRTY THOUSAND
PALESTINIANS KILLED AND
COUNTING ELEVEN THOUSAND
CHILDREN.
THE NUMBER OF CHILDREN KILLED
IN GAZA IS HIGHER THAN THE
ENTIRE DEATH TOLL OF THE SIEGE
OF SARAJEVO AND BOSNIA WHICH
LASTED FOR FOUR YEARS.
MORE THAN TEN CHILDREN EACH DAY
FOR THE LAST THREE MONTHS ON
AVERAGE HAVE LOST ONE OR BOTH
LEGS IN GAZA, INCLUDING BABIES.
THAT'S A LIFETIME OF PAIN
MANAGEMENT AND MEDICAL CARE TO
POINT TWO MILLION PEOPLE IN
GAZA ARE EXPERIENCING
CATASTROPHIC LEVELS OF HUNGER
AN ISRAELI MADE FAMINE WITH
FOOD ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
BORDER.
OVER 70 PERCENT OF ALL HOMES
HAVE BEEN DESTROYED.
EVEN BERNIE SANDERS SAID THAT
THE THREE MONTHS HAVE BEEN MORE
DESTRUCTIVE IN THE WHOLE TWO
YEARS OF THE DEPARTMENT
OF TRISTN, THE LEADING
SCHOLARS OF GENOCIDE INCLUDING
ISRAELI SCHOLARS HAVE WARNED
THAT THIS IS A GENOCIDE.
HUNDRED 375 EXPERTS ON VIOLENCE
HAD WARNED US IN LATE
OCTOBER IT THIS RESOLUTION DOES
NOT EVEN MENTION THAT TWENTY
TWENTY TO EIGHTEEN JOURNALISTS
WERE KILLED IN UKRAINE AND
SIXTY SEVEN WORLDWIDE BUT OVER
ONE HUNDRED AND NINE
JOURNALISTS HAVE BEEN KILLED IN
GAZA ALONE WITH THE
ASSASSINATION OF JOURNALISTS
THE POLITICAL CAMPAIGN TO DENY
THEM THE STATUS OF JOURNALISTS
AND CIVILIAN AND AS A NATIONAL
CAMPAIGN TO CRIMINALIZE SPEECH
FOR PALESTINIAN FREEDOM AND
EQUALITY RIGHT HERE IN ANN
ARBOR IT DOESN'T NEED TO
MENTION SEVENTY FIVE YEARS
OF OCCUPATION AND EIGHTEEN YEAR
SIEGE OR A DEADLY DAY IN
OCTOBER OR THE NO PALESTINIANS
CHILDREN KILLED IN THE WEST
BANK WELL BEFORE OCTOBER 7TH.
IT DOESN'T NEED TO MENTION
ATTACKS ON CIVILIAN
INFRASTRUCTURE INCLUDING SIX
HUNDRED ATTACKS ON VITAL
MEDICAL INFRASTRUCTURE OR THAT
375 DOCTORS AND NURSES HAVE
BEEN KILLED BY ISRAEL AND IT
DOES NOT HAVE TO MENTION
POLITICAL PRISONERS AND
ADMINISTRATIVE DETENTION OR
CONDITIONS IN ISRAELI PRISONS
INCLUDING TORTURE AND RAPE OR
DOESN'T EVEN MENTION THE
KILLING PROFESSORS AND
RESEARCHERS OR CONDEMN THE
VIDEOS RELEASED BY ISRAELI
SOLDIERS CELEBRATING THE
DESTRUCTION OF JUST ORDINARY
LIFE
.
IT DOES NOT MENTION US MILITARY
AID OR TAXES
.
THERE'S SO MUCH THAT IT DOES
NOT SAY THOSE ARE COMPROMISES
AND WE STAND IN FAVOR OF THIS
RESOLUTION.
IT ONLY TAKES US OUT
OF HUMANITY AND WE ALL ASK YOU
IS TO VOTE IN FAVOR BUT NOTHING
CONTROVERSIAL.
NOTHING SHOULD CAUSE CAUSE IN
ANY OF OUR COMMUNITY TO BE
ATTACKED OR DEVALUED AS A
COLLECTIVE CALL FOR PEACE.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU FOR THEIR
COMMUNICATIONS TODAY FROM
COUNCIL COUNCILOR PERSONAM.
SEEING AS WE HAVE SIGNIFICANT
OVERFLOW WITH PROPUBLICA, I'LL
RESERVE COMMENT ON THE AGENDA
INSTEAD I'LL JUST SPEAK TO A
ASKING YOU ALL FOR HELP.
I'M JEWISH FAMILY SERVICES
RESETTLEMENT TEAM IS LOOKING TO
WELCOME A FAMILY OF SEVEN TWO
WITH TWO CHILDREN THAT HAVE
SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL AND MENTAL
DISABILITIES.
SO THEY'RE LOOKING FOR HOUSING
IN IPSI IN ANN ARBOR THAT'S
SUITABLE FOR THIS FAMILY HAS
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS.
THIS IS A FORD IF THEY'RE
LOOKING FOR A FOUR TO FIVE
BEDROOM HOME IN THE AREA SO
THAT THIS FAMILY CAN RECEIVE
THE SERVICES THAT THEY NEED AS
WE AS A RESETTLED ADDITIONAL
FAMILIES HERE.
>> SO OH SHOULD I REPEAT OH
THANK YOU.
WE CAN DO THAT WELL I CAN READ
YOUR MIND.
>> I CAN I CAN SPEAK UP SO I'M
READING AN EMAIL ASKING FOR
HELP AS JEWISH FAMILY SERVICES
IS LOOKING TO RESETTLE REFUGEE
FAMILY.
THEY'RE LOOKING FOR A HOME IT'S
WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE BECAUSE
CHILDREN ARE BEING RESETTLED
HAVE SIGNIFICANT PHYSICAL AND
MENTAL DISABILITIES.
SO WE'RE LOOKING FOR A HOME A
FOUR OR FIVE BEDROOM HOMES.
>> IF YOU KNOW A HOMEOWNER
WHO'S WILLING TO RENT AS THEY
TRY TO RESETTLE THIS FAMILY,
YOU CAN REACH OUT TO THEM
VERSUS CYBER THAT'S AND STIVER
STAPPER AGFEST VANDERBERG, IF
WE'RE GOING TO TALK ABOUT BEING
A WELCOMING, LOVING, PEACEFUL
COMMUNITY, I WOULD REALLY LOVE
IT IF WE COULD FIND A HOME FOR
THIS FAMILY AS A FIRST BORN
OF REFUGEES.
>> I THINK THAT'S SOMETHING WE
CAN DO TOGETHER.
>> THANK YOU FOR THE
COMMUNICATION FROM COUNSELOR
WE
HAVE BEFORE CONSENT AGENDA.
>> I HAVE A MOTION PLEASE TO
APPROVE THE CONSENT AGENDA MOVE
BY COUNSEL MCCONNELL SECOND BY
COUNSEL FOR OUR DISCUSSION
OF CONSENT AGENDA ON FAVOR
OPPOSE THE CONSENT AGENDA IS
APPROVED WITH ELEVEN COUNCIL
MEMBERS PRESENT ALL VOTE IN THE
AFFIRMATIVE THUS SATISFYING THE
EIGHT VOTE REQUIREMENT WITH
RESPECT TO A SEVEN THAT IS ALL
SET RIGHT?
YES AND THE ABSENCE OF PUBLIC
HEARINGS WE MOVE ON TO THE ONE
I HAVE BEFORE US THE WORK
SESSION MINUTES OF DECEMBER 11
IN REGULAR SESSION MEETING
MINUTES DECEMBER 18 TWENTY
TWENTY THREE.
I HAVE A MOTION PLEASE TO
APPROVE THESE MESSAGES BY
COUNCILOR WATSON BY COUNCIL
DISH DISCUSSION PLEASE OF A ONE
WELL FAVOR POST THE MINUTES ARE
APPROVED C ONE AN AUDIENCE
AMEND SECTION NINE ONE FIVE
EIGHT OF CHAPTER ONE TWELVE
NONDISCRETIONARY DISCRIMINATION
OF TITLE NINE OF THE CODE AND
STEVE IN ORDER TO PROHIBIT CITY
CONTRACTORS INQUIRY INTO JOB
APPLICANTS CRIMINAL HISTORY
UNTIL AFTER CONDITIONAL OFFER
OF EMPLOYMENT AND REQUIRE CITY
CONTRACTORS TO DOCUMENT EFFORTS
TO EMPLOY LOCAL PERSONS FOR
CITY CONSTRUCTION CONTRACTS
MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER GOZI
EDWIN SECONDED BY COUNCIL
MEMBER IA DISCUSSION D OF C ONE
REGARDING EDWIN.
THANK YOU MAYOR.
SO YOU KNOW THIS THIS CHANGE TO
OUR NDA IS REALLY JUST ABOUT
DEMONSTRATING OUR VALUES AS A
CITY BY BRINGING THIS ORDINANCE
CHANGE WE ARE ASKING
CONTRACTORS TO USE THE SAME
HIRING PROCESS WITH THEIR
EMPLOYEES THAT WE USE IN THE
CITY OR TO NOT ASK ABOUT AN
APPLICANT'S CRIMINAL LEGAL
HISTORY THROUGHOUT THE
INTERVIEW PROCESS UNTIL A
CONDITIONAL JOB OFFER IS MADE.
WE DON'T ENGAGE IN ANY INQUIRY
INTO THE CRIMINAL LEGAL HISTORY
OF A CANDIDATE UNTIL WE
POTENTIALLY DECIDE WHETHER OR
NOT THEY'RE A GOOD FIT BECAUSE
WE WANT TO BE ABLE TO FULLY
EVALUATE WHETHER OR NOT THE
PERSON IS A GOOD FIT FOR THE
JOB JUST AS WHO THEY ARE AS A
PERSON.
IF SOMETHING DOES COME UP WE
DISCUSS IT WITH A CANDIDATE.
>> THEY CAN APPEAL ANY DECISION
WE MAKE AND THEN WE CAN DECIDE
TO MOVE FORWARD.
WE HAVE BEEN DOING IT USING
THIS PRACTICE SINCE TWENTY
FOURTEEN AND NOW WE'RE ASKING
THAT OUR CONTRACTORS, OUR
FUTURE CONTRACTORS ALSO USE
THIS TO MAKE THIS CHANGE WE
WOULD AMEND CHAPTER ONE TWELVE
OF OUR NONDISCRIMINATION
DISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE THE
SECTION THAT IS SPECIFIC TO
CONTRACTORS AGAIN THIS WILL
ONLY APPLY TO CONTRACT TO
CONTRACTORS EMPLOYEES WHO WORK
WITH US NOT ALL OF THEIR
EMPLOYEES AND IT WILL ONLY
APPLY TO CONTRACTORS GOING
FORWARD NOT RETROACTIVELY.
THIS WOULD APPLY TO ALL
CONTRACTS OF GOODS, SERVICES
AND CONSTRUCTION OVER TWENTY
FIVE THOUSAND OF COLLEAGUES
HAVE QUESTIONS.
I KNOW A MEMO WAS SENT OUT BY
THE CITY ATTORNEY'S OFFICE AS
WELL IN REGARDS TO WHETHER OR
NOT THIS VIOLATES PREEMPTION.
SO I ASK FOR ALL OF YOUR
SUPPORT TONIGHT AT THE TABLE.
>> THANK YOU, SIR.
THANK YOU AND THANK YOU COUNCIL
MEMBER GHAZI EDWYN FOR BRINGING
THIS FORWARD TO US TONIGHT AND
I'M DELIGHTED TO CO-SPONSOR,
UH, WHEN I MOVED FROM
JOURNALISM TO PUBLIC RELATIONS,
MY FIRST CLIENT THAT I WORKED
WITH WAS THE ACLU OF MICHIGAN
HELPING TO LAUNCH THEIR SMART
JUSTICE CAMPAIGN TO REDUCE
MATH, UH, TO FIGHT MASS
INCARCERATION AND REDUCE THE
PRISON POPULATION.
AND THIS WAS ONE OF THE MAIN
PILLARS OF THAT CAMPAIGN WHEN
WE LAUNCHED IT WAS BEYOND THE
BOX AND I'M REALLY GLAD TO KNOW
THAT I'VE NOT BEEN ABLE TO TO
PARTICIPATE IN DOING THAT HERE
IN ANN ARBOR AND I HOPE MY
COLLEAGUES WILL SUPPORT IT
FURTHER DISCUSSION COUNCIL OVER
BRIGS THANKS.
I THINK THIS IS GREAT.
>> PLEASE ADD ME AS A
CO-SPONSOR COUNCILOR HARRISON,
I WANT TO GO WHEN WE DISCUSS
RECIDIVISM AND REHABILITATION
WE OFTEN EXPRESS A DESIRE FOR
SUCCESS AND THOSE REENTERING
SOCIETY CONVENTION.
BUT THESE GOOD INTENTIONS ARE
NOT ENOUGH AND AS A CITY THAT
ENFORCES LAWS WE ALSO SHOULDER
THE RESPONSIBILITY OF AIDING
AND REHABILITATION.
THIS INCLUDES PROMOTING
EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES AND
INTERVENING POSITIVELY.
WE'RE THAT'S A THEORY I STAND
FIRMLY BEHIND THIS ORDINANCE
PROHIBITING CITY CONTRACTORS
FROM ASKING ABOUT A JOB
CRIMINAL HISTORY UNTIL AFTER A
CONDITIONAL OFFER IS MADE.
IT'S CRUCIAL FOR EMPLOYERS TO
SEE THE PERSON AS THEY ARE
TODAY AND NOT SOLELY DEFINE
THEM BY THEIR PAST PERFORMANCE
RECOGNIZES THE POTENTIAL FOR
TRANSFORMATION AND GROWTH IN
EVERY INDIVIDUAL.
>> AND I JUST WANT TO SAY THANK
YOU TO COUNCIL MEMBER KATHY
IRELAND FOR ADDING ANOTHER WAY
FOR THE CITY TO PARTICIPATE IN
GENUINE REHABILITATION AND
INTEGRATE INTEGRATION INTO
SOCIETY OF THE CRIMINAL
CONVICTIONS.
>> THANK YOU.
FURTHER MORE THAN DENHA I JUST
WANT TO THANK MY COLLEAGUES FOR
BRINGING THIS WONDERFUL
AMENDMENT AND I WOULD LIKE TO
BE ADDED AS A CO-SPONSOR
COUNCIL MEMBER I DENHA THANK
YOU.
AND SIMILARLY WE LIKE TO JUST
THANK MY COLLEAGUES FOR
BRINGING FORWARD ONE OF THE
FIRST THINGS ONE OF THE
EARLIEST THINGS THAT I GOT TO
ENJOIN IN COUNCIL WAS BANNING
THE BOX IN HOUSING IN ANN ARBOR
.
AND SO I THINK THIS IS A GREAT
ADDITION TO OUR
NONDISCRIMINATION ORDINANCE AS
WELL.
AND I WOULD ALSO ASK TO BE
ADDED AS A CO-SPONSOR.
THANK YOU.
FURTHER DISCUSSION ON FAVOR
POSED IT IS APPROVED.
>> DO YOU SEE ONE RESOLUTION
DENOUNCING RISING HATE AND
DISCRIMINATION IN ANN ARBOR AND
CALLING FOR A LASTING BILATERAL
CEASE FIRE IN GAZA AND ISRAEL
MOVED BY COUNCILOR GAZA EDWIN
SECONDED BY COUNCIL MEMBER
BRIGG'S DISCUSSION PLEASE OF DC
ONE COUNCILOR GARCIA AND ONE
THANK YOU MAYOR.
I WANT TO START OFF JUST BY
SAYING THANK YOU TO EVERYONE
WHO CAME TODAY AND EXPRESSING
ALL YOUR DIVERSE OPINIONS ON
THIS ISSUE AND I WANT TO
ACKNOWLEDGE, YOU KNOW, A VERY
REAL PAIN THAT IS IN THIS ROOM
.
THE PURPOSE OF THIS RESOLUTION
IS TO CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE AND
FOR PEACE.
THIS IS NOT A PARTIZAN
RESOLUTION.
IT IS NOT ANTI ANYONE.
IT'S ABOUT HUMANITY.
IT'S ABOUT PROTECTING LIFE AND
IT CALLS FOR EVERYONE TO BE
SAFE, PROTECTED AND TO HAVE
WHAT THEY NEED TO SURVIVE.
MANY PEOPLE IN THIS ROOM HAVE
SPOKEN TO THE EVENTS OVER THE
LAST MONTHS AND YEARS AND MANY
YOU WORK AROUND THESE ISSUES
AND I ENCOURAGE THEM TO
CONTINUE THE ADVOCACY WORK AND
OUR LOCAL COMMUNITY CALLING FOR
PEACE AND JUSTICE.
>> THIS RESOLUTION IS ABOUT
ADDRESSING THE VERY REAL
INCREASED PAIN AND FEAR THAT
MANY OF OUR COMMUNITY MEMBERS
ARE FEELING RIGHT NOW.
WE HAVE HEARD FROM PEOPLE FOR
WEEKS THAT THIS IS A LOCAL
ISSUE AND HOW IT IS DIFFERENT
FROM OTHER CONFLICTS.
THE FACT THAT THIS ROOM IS FULL
SIZE VERY CLEARLY THAT PEOPLE
DO EXPERIENCE THIS AS A LOCAL
ISSUE.
>> WE DELIBERATELY CHOSE TO NOT
HAVE ANY WHEREAS CLAUSES
BECAUSE WHAT'S IMPORTANT FOR US
AS A BODY TO DO RIGHT NOW IS
THE CITY IS TO STAND BY ALL
RESIDENTS AND THEIR PAIN TO
AFFIRM THEIR PAIN AND
EXPERIENCES AND NOT TO
FURTHER
DIVIDE BY GOING INTO THE NEAR
OR DISTANT PAST OR COMPARING
DEATH TOLLS AND DESTRUCTION.
I'VE PREVIOUSLY SPOKEN ABOUT
THE HORRIFIC ACTS OF VIOLENCE
ON OCTOBER 7TH AS WELL THE
CONTINUED VIOLENCE IN
PALESTINE, THE PLACE FOR THAT
DISCUSSION IS NOT IN A
RESOLUTION THAT CALLS FOR PEACE
FOR EVERYONE.
>> THE POINT IS THAT THIS HAS
TO STOP.
THIS IS A RESOLUTION THAT
NUMEROUS CONSTITUENCIES AND
COMMUNITIES HAVE HAD TIME TO
REACT TO INCLUDING ON SPECIFIC
BURBIDGE GIVING MULTIPLE
CONSTITUENCIES TIME TO REACT TO
IT WAS IMPORTANT LEADERS FROM
THE JEWISH FEDERATION HAVE SAID
THEY ARE NOT OPPOSED TO IT.
PROBABLY HAVE EXPRESSED THEIR
VIEWS VERY CLEARLY ABOUT THIS
COMING FORWARD.
JEWISH VOICE FOR PEACE MEMBERS
ARE NOT OPPOSED TO IT.
PALESTINIAN ARABS, MUSLIM AND
PACIFIST VOICES ARE NOT OPPOSED
TO IT.
IT TAKES NO SIDES.
IT IS MINIMALIST IN ORDER TO
BRING US TOGETHER AND NOT TO
FURTHER DIVIDE US.
I HOPE THAT WITH MY COLLEAGUES
SUPPORT OF THIS RESOLUTION
TONIGHT WHICH CALLS FOR A
BILATERAL LASTING CEASEFIRE
RELEASE OF ALL HOSTAGES,
UNRESTRICTED AID TO PALESTINE,
SUPPORT OF CONGRESSWOMAN DINGEL
STATEMENT AND A CONDEMNATION
RISING HATE HERE IN OUR LOCAL
COMMUNITY WE WILL SHOW ALL
OF OUR COMMUNITY MEMBERS THAT
WE ARE HERE WITH THEM, THAT WE
MOURN ALONGSIDE WITH AND THAT
WE AS A CITY ARE ALWAYS ON THE
SIDE OF PEACE AND JUSTICE.
THIS PROCESS ALSO DEMONSTRATED
TO ME THE NECESSITY OF HAVING
DIVERSE VOICES IN THE ROOM TO
PASS INCLUSIVE POLICY.
I HOPE THE NEW PEOPLE THAT HAVE
STARTED TO COME TO OUR MEETINGS
FOR THE FIRST TIME BECAUSE
OF THIS CONFLICT CONTINUE TO
STAY ENGAGED INVOLVED IN OUR
CITY TO HELP US PASS POLICIES
AND PROGRAMS THAT REPRESENT THE
NEEDS AND WANTS OF EVERY SINGLE
ONE OF US TO THE PEOPLE HELP TO
BRING THIS RESOLUTION FORWARD
BOTH IN THE COMMUNITY AND THOSE
ON COUNCIL.
THANK YOU AND A SPECIAL THANK
YOU TO COUNCIL MEMBER BRIGG'S
WHO PROVIDED UNWAVERING SUPPORT
AND I SHARE THROUGHOUT THIS
PROCESS.
THANK AGAIN PLEASE WITH SIGNS
THERE IF THERE ARE PEOPLE
BEHIND YOU PLEASE KEEP THEM
BELOW SHOULDER LEVEL.
THANK YOU COUNCILMAN RICS.
THANK YOU.
OVER THE LAST THREE MONTHS I'VE
HEARD OVER AND OVER AGAIN FROM
BOTH JEWISH AND PALESTINIAN
COMMUNITY MEMBERS ABOUT THE
DANGERS OF REMAINING SILENT.
WE HAVE BEEN URGED TO SPEAK UP
ABOUT THE HORRORS OF OCTOBER
7TH WHEN HAMAS KILLED OVER
TWELVE HUNDRED PEOPLE INJURED
AT LEAST SIX THOUSAND MORE.
IT TOOK TWO HUNDRED AND FORTY
PEOPLE HOSTAGE.
THE BRUTALITY OF THIS EVENT WAS
UNPRECEDENTED AND SHOOK THE
WORLD.
MORE JEWS WERE KILLED ON
OCTOBER 7TH THAN ON ANY DAY
SINCE THE HOLOCAUST.
THE RESPONSE TO THIS DISPLAY
OF EVIL HAS BEEN ONE OF MORE
HORROR AND DEVASTATION IN GAZA
OVER ONE POINT SEVEN MILLION
PALESTINIANS HAVE BEEN
DISPLACED AND FORCED TO FLEE
THEIR HOMES OVER THIRTY
THOUSAND PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
KILLED 70 PERCENT WOMEN AND
CHILDREN OVER FIFTY EIGHT
THOUSAND INJURED.
SAVE THE CHILDREN NOW REPORTS
THAT ON AVERAGE TEN CHILDREN
HAVE LOST ONE OR BOTH OF THEIR
LEGS EVERY DAY IN GAZA SINCE
OCTOBER 7TH.
IT IS THE MOST DANGEROUS PLACE
ON EARTH TO BE A CHILD.
THERE WAS ONLY ONE BARELY
FUNCTIONING HOSPITAL REMAINING
IN GAZA.
IT OPERATES WITH NO RUNNING
WATER AND OFTEN WITH NO PAIN
MEDICATION TO EVEN PROVIDE THE
MOST BASIC RELIEF I COULD GO ON
THE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS AND
HORRORS BEING REPORTED ARE
TRULY TOO GREAT TO FATHOM THIS
RESOLUTION.
THIS RESOLUTION IS A CALL TO
ACTION.
IT DOES NOT SPEAK TO THE
HORRORS IN HISTORY WE HAVE
HEARD IN THIS ROOM OVER AND
OVER HOW MANY STORIES AND
COLLECTIVE TRAUMA EXIST.
RATHER IT IS A SIMPLE IT SIMPLE
AND TO THE POINT WE DO NOT WANT
OUR COLLECTIVE MESSAGE TO BE
LOST OR MISCONSTRUED.
WE NEED OUR FEDERAL LEADERS TO
LEAD SOME LIKE CONGRESSWOMAN
ENGEL HAVE ALREADY RAISED THEIR
VOICES CALLING FOR A BILATERAL
CEASE FIRE.
OTHERS HAVE NOT.
WE CALL FOR AN IMMEDIATE
BILATERAL CEASE FIRE A RELEASE
OF HOSTAGES, UNRESTRICTED
HUMANITARIAN AID TO PREVENT THE
DEATHS OF SO MANY INNOCENT
CIVILIANS.
THIS RESOLUTION IS ALSO A
DECLARATION OF WHAT WE STAND
FOR AS A COMMUNITY AND WE
STRIVE TO BE AN INCLUSIVE
COMMUNITY, TOLERANT COMMUNITY,
A COMMUNITY THAT WILL STAND
WITH AND PROTECT EVEN THOSE WE
DISAGREE WITH FROM HARM AND
DISCRIMINATION ACROSS THE US
ACTS OF HATE AND DISCRIMINATION
AGAINST ARAB AMERICAN, JEWISH,
MUSLIM AND PALESTINIANS ARE ON
THE RISE AND ARBOR HAS NOT BEEN
IMMUNE TO THIS RISING HATE AND
INTOLERANCE.
I HAVE SPOKEN TO JEWISH, MUSLIM
AND PALESTINIAN COMMUNITY
MEMBERS WHO HAVE RECEIVED DEATH
THREATS, WHO HAVE BEEN
HARASSED, WHO HAVE BEEN BOXED
SADLY INTOLERANCE AND HATRED IS
NOT NEW HERE WE HAVE A
SYNAGOGUE BETH ISRAEL THAT HAS
HAD A FEW BIGOTS OUTSIDE OF IT
EVERY WEEK FOR ALMOST 20 YEARS.
WHAT IS NEW IS THE WIDESPREAD
NATURE OF THE BIGOTRY AND HATE
AND FEAR ACROSS OUR COMMUNITY.
WE MUST STAND WITH EACH OTHER
WITH OUR ARAB ISRAELI,
PALESTINIAN, JEWISH, MUSLIM AND
OTHER COMMUNITY MEMBERS
DIRECTLY IMPACTED BY THIS
CRISIS, RESIDENTS WHO HAVE LOST
LOVED ONES AND FEAR FOR THE
SAFETY OF THEIR COMMUNITY HERE
IN ANN ARBOR AND ABROAD.
WE MUST NOT BRING THIS WAR TO
ARBOR.
I REALLY APPRECIATE COUNCIL
MEMBER GHAZI EDWINS LEADERSHIP
ON THIS ISSUE AND I'M GRATEFUL
FOR THE COMMUNITY MEMBERS,
PALESTINIAN AND JEWISH AND
COUNCIL MEMBERS WHO HAVE WORKED
WITH US TO PREPARE THIS
RESOLUTION.
YOU'VE BEEN GENEROUS WITH YOUR
TIME AND WITH YOUR WISDOM.
I AM GRATEFUL THAT OUR
COMMUNITY HAS REACHED OUT TO US
WITH THEIR STORIES.
THEY'VE COME TO CITY HALL MANY
FOR THE FIRST TIME FOR US TO
ACT.
THERE ARE NO PERFECT WORDS BUT
I HOPE THAT WE CAN RAISE OUR
VOICES TONIGHT AND CALL FOR
PEACE
COUNTERREACTION.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THINK I
CAN SAY WITH CONFIDENCE BUT NO
ONE ON THIS BODY WANTS TO
CREATE A VISION OR FURTHER
DIVIDE OUR COMMUNITY SO IT'S
BEEN REALLY DIFFICULT AS AN
ELECTED REPRESENTATIVE THAT
SEEKS TO DO GOOD IN THEIR
COMMUNITY TO RECONCILE THAT
SOME COMMUNITY MEMBERS FEEL
THAT NOT PASSING SUCH A
RESOLUTION ALIENATES THEM AND
MAKES THEM FEEL UNSAFE AND
OTHERS PASSING ANY RESOLUTION
IS ALIENATING TO THEM.
SO FIRST OFF I WANT TO EXPRESS
GRATITUDE FOR ALL OF THE HARD
CONVERSATIONS AND THE WORK THAT
WENT INTO THIS FUNDAMENTALLY
THIS RESOLUTION IS A CALL FOR
PEACE BOTH ABROAD AND HERE IN
ANN ARBOR.
IT DOES NOT, AS SEVERAL HAVE
SAID ALREADY CHOOSE SIDES
EXCEPT FOR THE SIDE OF OUR
COMMON HUMANITY.
I DO MAINTAIN THAT CITY COUNCIL
NEEDS TO FOCUS FIRST AND
FOREMOST ON LOCAL ISSUES THAT
AS DIRECTLY DIRECT
RESPONSIBILITY FOR AND CONTROL
OVER LOCAL LAWS ZONING,
BUILDING NEW SIDEWALKS, FUNDING
ELECTION CENTERS, POLICE FIRE
AND GAS POWERED LEAF BLOWERS AS
PART OF OUR COMMITMENT TO
CARBON REDUCTION.
BUT IT IS DIFFICULT TO GET YOU
DENY THAT THIS HAS BECOME A
LOCAL ISSUE.
SO I SEE THE RESOLUTION WRITTEN
NOW A CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE ON
ALL SIDES AND THE RELEASE
OF HOSTAGES IS BEING PRIMARILY
A CALL TO OUR CONGRESSIONAL
DELEGATION TO USE THEIR
INFLUENCE TO WORK FOR A REAL
AND LASTING PEACE AS WELL.
THIS RESOLUTION EXPRESSES ITS
UNWAVERING SUPPORT FOR ALL ARAB
,ISRAELI, PALESTINIAN, JEWISH,
MUSLIM AND OTHER MEMBERS OF THE
COMMUNITY WHO ARE IMPACTED EACH
OF WHOM HAS THE RIGHT TO LEARN,
WORK, WORSHIP, GATHER,
ADVOCATE, MOURN AND CELEBRATE
FREE FROM INTIMIDATION,
HARASSMENT, DOXXING AND FEAR
OF VIOLENCE.
AND IT IS MY SINCEREST HOPE
THAT THIS CREATES A CLIMATE IN
WHICH OUR COMMUNITY CAN HEAL
AND AVOID TURNING THEIR TRAUMA
AND PAIN INTO CONFLICT AND
HATRED HERE
COUNCILOR WATSON
OVER MULTIPLE COUNCIL MEETINGS
,THE COMMENTS WE HAVE HEARD
HAVE SPANNED THE BREADTH
OF VIEWS IN THE COMMUNITY ON
THIS CONFLICT, REVEALING THE
DEPTH OF PAIN FELT IN THIS CITY
AND ALSO AROUND THIS TABLE
COMMUNITY MEMBERS HAVE VOICED
HOW THIS CONFLICT HAS TOUCHED
THEIR LIVES IN WAYS THAT I
CANNOT FULLY SUM.
>> FOR ME THIS RESOLUTION IS A
STATEMENT THE ENTIRE CITY
COUNCIL STANDS ON THE SIDE
OF PEACE.
EACH PERSON HAS A RIGHT TO
THEIR OWN INTERPRETATION BUT
ANYONE WHO WOULD TWIST THE
WORDS OF THIS RESOLUTION TO
CAUSE HARM TO DIVIDE THIS
COMMUNITY OR ISOLATE ITS
MEMBERS MUST TAKE
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THEIR OWN
CONDUCT.
WHETHER YOU BELIEVE IT DOESN'T
SAY ENOUGH OR THE COUNCIL
SHOULDN'T BE SPEAKING ON THIS
ISSUE AT ALL, I HOPE THAT WITH
TIME TO HEAL YOU CAN STILL
TRUST COUNCIL MEMBERS TO WORK
ON YOUR BEHALF.
ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS AND
IMPROVE THE CITY WE LIVE IN THE
PAIN SOME FEEL IS TOO GREAT FOR
THIS TO BE POSSIBLE IMMEDIATELY
AND I UNDERSTAND IT IS BOTH
TRUE THAT COUNCIL HAS NOT AND
WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SPEAK ON
EVERY INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT
AND TRUE THAT PREVIOUS COUNCILS
HAVE SPOKEN OUT IN TIMES
OF INTERNATIONAL STRIFE.
I HAVE HEARD COMMENTS I
DISAGREE WITH THAT WERE IN
SUPPORT OF THIS RESOLUTION AND
COMMENTS THAT I AGREE WITH THAT
WERE AGAINST THIS RESOLUTION.
ALL I AM ABLE TO DO IS VOTE ON
THE RESOLVE CLAUSES BEFORE US
TONIGHT I'LL BE SUPPORTING THIS
RESOLUTION IN THE HOPE OF A
LASTING PEACE COUNCIL MEMBER
YESH FOLLOWING SO MUCH
ELOQUENCE IS DIFFICULT BUT I
WILL JUST BRIEFLY SAY WE ARE A
DIVERSE AND PLURAL COMMUNITY
AND THIS HUMANITARIAN CRISIS
STRAINS RELATIONS IN OUR CITY
IN OUR CLASSROOMS AND ACROSS
OUR DINNER TABLES.
>> I THANK MY COLLEAGUES WHO
CRAFTED THIS CALL FOR PEACE
WITH CARE AND COURAGE AND WHO
WORKED IN CONVERSATION WITH
MULTIPLE COMMUNITY GROUPS.
I AM PLEASED AND GRATEFUL AND
HONESTLY RELIEVED TO SUPPORT IT
AND I WOULD LIKE TO BE ADDED AS
A CO-SPONSOR OF THE DISCUSSION
TO THE ROLE OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT
IS TO IMPROVE BASIC SERVICES
AND ENHANCE QUALITY OF LIFE.
>> THIS IS OUR REMIT AND
BARRING SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES
WE SHOULD STICK TO IT WHEN
THOSE SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES
ARISE, WHEN THE EXPERIENCE
OF OUR COMMUNITY MEMBERS
REQUIRE IT, WE DO SPEAK OUT
OUTSIDE OF OUR MEDICATION IN
SUPPORT OF THE VULNERABLE AMONG
US IN SUPPORT OF THOSE WHO ARE
SUFFERING.
WE HAVE DONE SO AND WE'VE
SPOKEN OUT AGAINST THE MUSLIM
BAN TO SHOW US YOUR PAPERS ACT
ANTI AGENT HATE OR WHEN WE
CONDEMNED THE WEEKLY DECADES
LONG ANTI-SEMITIC PICKETING AT
BETH ISRAEL
.
WHEN WE DO THESE THINGS WE DO
THEM AS THE VOICE OF THE
COMMUNITY WHETHER THE EFFORT
SUCCEEDS OR FAILS, THE EFFORT
CREATES SOCIAL GOOD SOCIAL
COHESION BECAUSE THE WHOLE
SPEAKS OUT IN SUPPORT OF A
GROUP IN NEED.
THIS RESOLUTION MAKES A SIMILAR
EFFORT LOOKING TO SPEAK TO
COMMUNITY PAIN AND FOR MEMBERS
IN NEED OF SUPPORT IN THESE
CIRCUMSTANCES HERE HOWEVER, ARE
PERHAPS UNIQUE IN THIS REGARD
BECAUSE IN THIS INSTANCE THERE
ARE MULTIPLE AND DIVERSE
COMMUNITIES WITH TIES OF FAMILY
RELIGION AND HISTORY TO ISRAEL
AND GAZA ALL WITH A COMMONALITY
OF DEEP PAIN THAT DESERVES
RECOGNITION JUST AS OUR ABILITY
TO ADDRESS THAT PAIN WHOLLY IS
INADEQUATE BECAUSE THE SOURCE
OF THAT PAIN DIVIDES WHETHER WE
ABLE HERE TO AVOID THE RISK
OF MATERIAL DISLOCATION
CREATED BY EVEN OUR ENGAGEMENT
I DO NOT KNOW.
BUT I DO KNOW THAT THE SPONSORS
HAVE TRIED.
I'M SO GRATEFUL TO THE SPONSORS
FOR THEIR HEARTFELT AND EARNEST
EFFORTS TO BRING FORWARD A
RESOLUTION THAT AVOIDS
CONDEMNATION AND ENABLES A
FOCUS ON THE FUTURE.
>> THIS RESOLUTION AFFIRMS ARE
LONG STANDING OPPOSITION TO
RACIAL, ETHNIC AND RELIGIOUS
DISCRIMINATION AND OUR
INSISTENCE THAT PEOPLE OF EVERY
RELIGION, ETHNICITY AND NATION
SHOULD BE FREE TO SPEAK AND
WORSHIP AND ADVOCATE HERE
WITHOUT FEAR OF HARASSMENT.
THE RESOLUTION DOES NOT TAKE A
POSITION ON THE CAUSES OR
CIRCUMSTANCES DISPUTES AND IT
CALLS FOR THINGS THAT I BELIEVE
MOST ALL DECONTEXTUALIZED WOULD
SUPPORT WHOLEHEARTEDLY THE
RELEASE OF HOSTAGES,
HUMANITARIAN AID, A LASTING
BILATERAL CEASE FIRE.
>> IN OTHER WORDS, IT CALLS FOR
PEACE BECAUSE THE TEXT OF THE
RESOLUTION INDEED FOCUSES ON
THIS LASTING PEACE WITHOUT
AGGRESSION OR CONDEMNATION
BECAUSE IT AFFIRMS PLURALISM
AND FREEDOM FROM DISCRIMINATION
AND HARASSMENT, BECAUSE IT
AFFIRMS AND MAKES CLEAR THAT IF
YOU ARE AN ARAB, A JEW AND
ISRAELI, A MUSLIM, A
PALESTINIAN, YOU BELONG HERE IN
ANN ARBOR.
YOU ARE AN INEXTRICABLE AND
NECESSARY PART OF US FOR THESE
REASONS I WILL SUPPORT THIS
RESOLUTION WISELY TO RECENTLY
OBSERVED THE PRESENCE OF MANY
OF US THAT A BIRD NEEDS TWO
WINGS AND EVEN AS I AND WE
SUPPORT THIS RESOLUTION AND
HOPE THAT IT DOES WORK TO
ACCOMPLISH THAT LOCAL PEACE IT
MUST BE ACKNOWLEDGED THAT THERE
IS RISK BECAUSE EVEN AS THE
RESOLUTION BRINGS COMFORT TO
SOME IT DOES BRING PAIN AND
DISLOCATION TO OTHERS AND SO AS
WE CALL FOR A LASTING PEACE
ABROAD, LET TAKE THIS
OPPORTUNITY TO COMMIT TO ACT
FOR A GREATER PEACE HERE AT
HOME BY TAKING A SOBER AND
GREATER NOTICE AND
RESPONSIBILITY FOR EACH OTHER
WHEN YOU HEAR THE PAIN OF THE
OTHER, REACH OUT AND ASK HOW
YOU CAN HELP BECAUSE INDEED
THERE IS ONLY ONE PATH WITH THE
PROMISE OF UNITY AND THAT IS
FIRST OF ALL TO RECOGNIZE AND
ACT UPON OUR COMMON HUMANITY TO
SHARE AND VALIDATE AND
CRUCIALLY TO SPEAK THE GRIEF
OF THE OTHER EVEN AS WE GRIEVE
OURSELVES FURTHER DISCUSSION ON
FAVOR OPPOSED THE RESOLUTION IS
APPROVED
TO THE RESOLUTION
DIRECTING THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR TO POINT CABINET
ADVISORY GROUP TO EVALUATE THE
CITY'S APPAREL VENDORS AND
THEIR GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAINS FOR
COMPLIANCE WITH ACCEPTABLE
LABOR STANDARDS MOVE BY
COUNCILOR OR SECONDED BY
COUNCIL MEMBERS.
SONG DISCUSSION PLEASE DC TO
COUNCIL MARIAH THANK YOU.
SO THIS RESOLUTION IS ANOTHER
STEP IN ALIGNING OUR CITY
PROCUREMENT OF GOODS AND
SERVICES WITH OUR VALUES.
IT SPECIFICALLY LOOKS AT THE
PROCUREMENT OF APPAREL FOR CITY
WORKERS, THE UNIFORMS AND THE
LIKE AND THE GOAL HERE IS TO
TRY TO ENSURE THAT THE
COMPANIES THAT WE ARE PROCURING
APPAREL FROM ARE NOT GETTING
FROM SWEATSHOPS.
THIS IS SO THIS IS A SWEAT FREE
ORDINANCE RESOLUTION.
SORRY WE'RE LOOKING AT
BASICALLY BY SUPPORTING THIS WE
ARE HAVING THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR APPOINT A FREE
PROCUREMENT ADVISORY GROUP.
THIS WILL BE A SMALL BODY THAT
WILL REVIEW ALL CITY
CONTRACTORS THAT PROCURE
APPAREL FOR THE CITY AND
DETERMINE WHETHER THEY USE
SWEATSHOP UH SUPPLIERS UM, THIS
GROUP WILL ALSO DEVELOP A SET
FREE LIST OF POTENTIAL CITY
VENDORS WHOSE FACTORIES AND
GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAINS ARE
COMPLIANT WITH ACCEPTABLE LABOR
STANDARDS AND FOR THOSE LABOR
STANDARDS WE ARE USING THE
INTERNATIONAL LABOR
ORGANIZATION'S FUNDAMENTAL
PRINCIPLES AND RIGHTS AT WORK.
THOSE ARE FREEDOM
OF ASSOCIATION AND THE
EFFECTIVE RECOGNITION OF THE
RIGHT TO COLLECTIVE BARGAINING
,THE ELIMINATION OF ALL FORMS
OF FORCED OR COMPULSORY LABOR,
THE EFFECTIVE ABOLITION
OF CHILD LABOR AND THE
ELIMINATION OF DISCRIMINATE AND
IN RESPECT OF EMPLOYMENT AND
OCCUPATION AND UM GOING FORWARD
THEN ONCE WE HAVE THIS FREE
LIST WE WILL BE ASKING THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR TO AS WELL
PROVIDE US WITH UM ESSENTIALLY
A FINANCIAL IMPACT STATEMENT SO
THAT WE CAN UNDERSTAND HOW
LIVING OUR VALUES THROUGH UH
NEW PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITY
WILL IMPACT US OR NOT GOING
FORWARD FOR DISCUSSION OF THE
COUNCIL.
>> REDISH SORRY I DON'T WANT TO
DISCUSS I JUST WANT TO THANK
AND IF I COULD BE ADDED AS A
CO-SPONSOR I'D BE GRATEFUL FOR
THAT IS THAT SOME COUNCIL
MEMBER IHR I WAS REMISS IN UH
GIVING A SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO
THE COMMUNITY MEMBER WHO
BROUGHT THIS ISSUE TO US, IAN
ROBINSON WHO IS THE PRESIDENT
OF THE HURON VALLEY AREA LABOR
FEDERATION AND WHO DOES WORK
WITH AND NATIONAL ACROSS THE
COUNTRY ON FREE PROCUREMENT.
>> SO THANK YOU FOR THE
DISCUSSION PAUL POSED.
>> IT IS APPROVED DC THREE
RESOLUTION TO SELL FORELL FOR
NORTH ASHLEY TO THE ANN ARBOR
HOUSING DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION
FOR THE AMOUNT OF ONE DOLLAR
MOVE.
COUNCILMAN BRIGGS SECONDED BY
COUNCILOR KERNELL DISCUSSED
WITH DC THREE COUNCIL MEMBER
BRIGS.
SO BY WAY OF BACKGROUND IN
TWENTY EIGHTEEN CITY COUNCIL
APPROVED A RESOLUTION DIRECTING
THE ANIBA HOUSING COMMISSION TO
DEVELOP FAUROT FOR NORTH
ACTUALLY AS AFFORDABLE HOUSING
IT WILL TAKE IT'S MY
UNDERSTANDING THAT WILL TAKE AT
LEAST ANOTHER YEAR FOR THE
HOUSING COMMISSION TO PROCEED
THROUGH THE PROCESS TO DEVELOP
THE SITE FOR AFFORDABLE
HOUSING.
IN THE MEANTIME, THE HOUSING
COMMISSION PLANS TO MODESTLY
RENOVATE THE SITE TO ENABLE THE
ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES OF THE
INTERFACE HOSPITALITY NETWORK
ALPHA HOUSE AND THE SHELTER
ASSOCIATION OF WASHINGTON
COUNTY TO MOVE INTO THE SPACE
IN ORDER TO ENABLE THE
RESPECTIVE ORGANIZATIONS TO
EXPAND WINTER SHELTERING IN
THEIR RESPECTIVE BUILDINGS.
AND AS NOTED, THE CITY PROPOSES
TO SELL THE PROPERTY TO THE
HOUSING COMMISSION FOR ONE
DOLLAR.
THAT IS MY WAY OF BACKGROUND.
I DON'T KNOW IF MISS HALL HAS
ANYTHING ELSE THAT SHE WISHES
TO ADD FROM A STAFF PERSPECTIVE
FOR THE DISCUSSION COUNCIL
BRISTLING THANK YOU COUNCILMAN.
RUBRICS ARE BRINGING THIS
FORWARD.
I KNOW OUR HOUSING COMMISSION
DIRECTOR JENNIFER HALL HAS BEEN
WORKING REALLY QUICKLY TO TRY
TO TURN THIS AROUND BEFORE THE
WEATHER TURNED.
AS WE ALL KNOW THAT WE HAVE
DOUBLED THE NUMBER OF HOMELESS
FAMILIES THIS YEAR COMPARED TO
THIS TIME LAST YEAR OR SO
WITHIN THE COUNTY WE'RE LOOKING
AT OVER 600 FAMILIES WHO ARE
HOMELESS NOW AND DESPITE THE
RESOURCES THAT THEY HAVE AND
SUPPORT FROM OTHER INSTITUTIONS
LIKE THE SCHOOLS AND NONPROFIT
SERVICE PROVIDERS JUST HAVING
EVEN A TEMPORARY SHELTERING
SPACE FOR FAMILIES BEYOND OUR
ALPHA HOUSE CAN PROVIDE WHICH
NOT AS MANY FAMILIES AS WE
THINK.
I THINK IT'S LIKE TEN, TEN OR
ELEVEN FAMILIES THEY CAN HOUSE
AT A TIME THAT'S NOT SIX
HUNDRED.
SO THE SPACE WILL BE USED I
THINK FAIRLY QUICKLY ONCE IT'S
RENOVATED AND I KNOW THE I KNOW
THE SERVICE AGENCIES ARE REALLY
APPRECIATED FOR THE CITY TO TO
EXTEND THIS THE SPACE.
SO THANK YOU COUNCILMAN FOR
DENHA.
>> THANKS.
I ALSO JUST WANT TO KNOW
BECAUSE ONE OF THE RESULTS
OF THOSE CALLS FOR NOTIFYING
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
OF THE IMMEDIATE TERMINATION
OF THE COMMUNITY DENTAL CENTER
IS WHICH CURRENTLY EXISTS FOR
THE PROPERTY.
I JUST WANT TO NOTE FOR ANYONE
THAT THE COMMUNITY, THE DENTAL
CENTER SEES TO THEIR OPERATIONS
THERE IN THE FALL AND THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN HAS BEEN
PARTICIPATING IN THIS
TRANSITION.
AND SO FOR ANYONE WHO MIGHT
HAVE READ THAT AND BEEN
CONCERNED THAT THAT THE
COMMUNITY OF DENTAL CENTER WAS
WAS BEING EVICTED, THEY ARE
PART OF THIS TRANSITION AND
HAVE BEEN MAKING PLANS SO THEY
ARE NOT OPERATING THERE
CURRENTLY FURTHER DISCUSSION ON
FAVOR POSED IT IS APPROVED DC
FOR RESOLUTION REAFFIRMING THE
COMMITMENT TO
ESTABLISH AN
UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE PROGRAM
IN THE CITY OF ANN ARBOR MOVE
BY COUNCIL MEMBER HARRISON
SELECTED BY COUNCIL MEMBER DISH
DISCUSSION PLEASE GIVE DC FOUR
THOUSAND PERSON.
AS MANY OF YOU KNOW I AM DEEPLY
INVESTED IN ENSURING THAT THE
CITY OF AJDABIYA ADDRESSES
MENTAL HEALTH AND PUBLIC HEALTH
ISSUES IN A SAFE AND EFFECTIVE
WAY.
I RAN FOR CITY COUNCIL TO GIVE
VOICE TO THOSE IN MY WARD AND
BEYOND WHO DESPERATELY WANT A
CRISIS RESPONSE OPTION THAT
DOES NOT BRING ARMED POLICE
OFFICERS TO THEIR DOOR AND
UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE PROGRAM
ARE YOU CERP IS AN ESSENTIAL
PART OF THIS COMMUNITY SAFER
FUTURE AND I INTEND TO SEE IT
THROUGH.
UNFORTUNATELY FOR WEEKS THE
MISCONCEPTION HAS BEEN
CIRCULATING ABOUT THE CITY'S
RFP PROCESS FOR THE CRISIS
RESPONSE PROGRAM.
LET'S DISPEL THOSE FALSE CLAIMS
RIGHT NOW RUMORS ARE SPREADING
THAT CITY COUNCIL VOTED TO
CANCEL THE RFP DURING A CLOSED
SESSION.
BY DEFINITION A CLOSED SESSION
AS A PART OF A MEETING THAT IS
CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC AND NOT
SUBJECT TO THE OPEN MEETING
THAT CLOSED DISCUSSIONS
OF PRIVILEGE CONVERSATIONS
BETWEEN CITY COUNCIL AND THE
ATTORNEYS WHO REPRESENT US
VOTES ARE NEVER TAKEN DURING A
CLOSED SESSION.
NO VOTE TOOK PLACE IN CLOSED
SESSION OR AT ANY OTHER TIME
REGARDING THE RFP FOR THE TIME
CRISIS RESPONSE PROGRAM.
ANOTHER RUMOR IS THAT THE CITY
COUNCIL HAD REVIEWED THE ONE
PROPOSAL RECEIVED BEFORE VOTING
IT DOWN.
IT IS IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND
THAT COUNCIL MEMBERS DO NOT
PERSONALLY REVIEW PROPOSALS.
WE DEPEND ON A TEAM OF SUBJECT
MATTER SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT ON
CITY STAFF TO REVIEW THE
PROPOSALS AND ADVISE US ON THE
BEST COURSE OF ACTION AND AGAIN
THERE WAS NO VOTE TO CANCEL THE
RFP.
ANOTHER COMMON CONCEPTION IS
THAT IF ONLY ONE PROPOSAL IS
RECEIVED FOR AN RFP THE CITY
MUST ACCEPT IT.
THAT IS NOT THE CASE.
IF THE CITY ISSUED AN RFP TO A
PARKING TO BUILD A PARKING
STRUCTURE AND THE ONLY GROUP
WHO RESPONDED HAD SPENT THEIR
ENTIRE LIVES BUILDING CARS,
CITY STAFF WOULD UNDOUBTEDLY
REJECT THE PROPOSAL AND REISSUE
THE RFP.
>> IT IS OUR DUTY TO ENSURE
THAT NO PROPOSAL IS ACCEPTED
UNLESS IT'S SAFELY, EFFECTIVELY
AND FULLY MEETS THE CITY'S
NEEDS.
FINALLY, I WANT TO PUT THE
COMMUNITY AT EASE REGARDING THE
APPLICATION OF ARPA FUNDS FOR
THE UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE
PROGRAM.
FUNDS ARE NOT OBLIGATED THROUGH
THE RFP PROCESS SO CANCELING
THE RFP DID NOT CANCEL THE
PROGRAM ITSELF.
COUNCIL OBLIGATED THREE POINT
FIVE MILLION DOLLARS TO THIS
PROGRAM IN APRIL APRIL TWENTY
TWENTY TWO AND WE REMAIN
COMMITTED TO SEEING A SAFE AND
SUCCESSFUL UNARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE PROGRAM IN THE CITY
OF ANN ARBOR.
LET'S LET ME MAKE IT CRYSTAL
CLEAR OUR UNARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE PROGRAM HAS NOT BEEN
CANCELED BY THE CITY AND I WILL
NOT ALLOW MISINFORMATION TO
BREED FEAR AND MISTRUST BETWEEN
THE CITY AND THE COMMUNITY WE
SO PROUDLY SERVE THE UNARMED
CRISIS RESPONSE PROGRAM IS
MOVING FORWARD.
THE RESOLUTION I AM OFFERING
TONIGHT ENSURES THAT IT WILL
MOVE FORWARD QUICKLY AND
EFFECTIVELY.
OUR COMMUNITY DESERVES NOTHING
LESS.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER DENHA
I THANK YOU MAYOR TAYLOR AND
THANK YOU TO COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON AND AND THE SPONSORS
FOR BRINGING THIS FORWARD.
NO, I DON'T WANT TO SPEAK FOR
EVERYONE ON THIS BODY BUT I
THINK MY SENTIMENT IS LIKELY
SHARED THAT I I DON'T THINK
ANYONE WAS I DON'T THINK MANY
OF WERE AS DISAPPOINTED AS WE
WERE ALL JUST AS DISAPPOINTED
COMMUNITY MEMBERS IN
ACKNOWLEDGING THAT THE ORIGINAL
PROPOSAL NEEDED TO BE REJECTED
AND THIS IS SOMETHING THAT ALL
OF US HAVE COMMITTED OUR
SUPPORT TO.
WE WANT TO SEE UNARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE HERE IN THE COMMUNITY.
IT'S SOMETHING THAT WE'VE ALL
VOTED FOR IN DIFFERENT
CAPACITIES WHETHER IT WAS TO
INITIALLY ESTABLISH IT OR TO
DESIGNATE FUNDS TO SUPPORT IT
AND AND SO THIS IS ABSOLUTELY
GOING TO CONTINUE.
I APPRECIATE COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON BRINGING THIS FORWARD
TO TO REAFFIRM THAT FROM THIS
BODY.
BUT I JUST WANT TO REITERATE I
MEAN MY THANKS FOR THE PEOPLE
WHO HAVE BEEN PUTTING WORK INTO
TRYING TO DEVELOP THIS PROGRAM.
I KNOW THAT THERE'S A LOT
OF FRUSTRATION FROM FROM THE
BITTER COURBET SAFETY IS IS
MADE UP OF A LOT OF COMMUNITY
MEMBERS WHO FRANKLY HAVE
FRIENDLY AND AND POSITIVE
WORKING RELATIONSHIPS WITH
MEMBERS OF THIS BODY AND WITH
THE CITY IN VARIOUS CAPACITIES.
AND SO THIS ISN'T SOMETHING
THAT ANY OF US YOU KNOW, WE'RE
HAPPY ABOUT.
SO I JUST WANT TO REITERATE OUR
SUPPORT FOR UNARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE.
I WOULD LIKE TO BE ADDED AS A
CO-SPONSOR AS WELL PLEASE
BECAUSE THIS IS THIS IS A
PROGRAM WE'VE GOT TO GET DONE
AND I THINK IT'S IMPORTANT FOR
US TO REAFFIRM THAT COUNCIL
MEMBER IHR THANK YOU.
>> I TOO WAS DEEPLY DEEPLY
DISAPPOINT UPON LEARNING THAT
THE RFP NEEDED TO BE REISSUED.
THIS IS THE PROGRAM IS IS
REALLY, REALLY IMPORTANT TO ME
AND I KNOW THAT SENTIMENT IS
SHARED WIDELY ACROSS THE TABLE.
I APPRECIATE COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON BRINGING THIS FORWARD
NOT ONLY TO REAFFIRM OUR
COMMITMENT TO THIS PROGRAM BUT
ALSO TO ESTABLISH A TIMELINE
THAT COMMUNITY MEMBERS CAN RELY
ON.
COUNCIL MEMBER ACKMANN AND I
OVER THE WEEKEND HAD A MEETING
WITH TWO OF OUR CONSTITUENTS
WHO HAVE BEEN DEEPLY INVOLVED
IN CLOSE THE ADVISORY GROUP AND
YOU KNOW, REAFFIRMED OUR
COMMITMENT TO THEM AS WELL.
AND I REALLY WANT TO STRESS
THAT THE RESOLVE CLAUSE DEALING
WITH OUTREACH TO ENSURE OR TO
TO TRY TO ENSURE MULTIPLE BIDS
IS JUST A RECOGNITION THAT YOU
KNOW, THAT'S WHAT WE WANT IN A
CITY RFP PROCESS.
WE WANT TO RECEIVE MULTIPLE
BIDS SO THAT WE CAN CHOOSE THE
ONE THAT BEST FITS THE THE WHAT
WE'RE LOOKING FOR AND WILL BEST
SERVE THE CITY.
>> SO AGAIN, I'M 100 PERCENT
THOUSAND PERCENT COMMITTED TO
MAKING SURE THAT THIS PROGRAM
GOES FORWARD.
COUNCIL MEMBER BRIGS.
YEAH.
THANK YOU TO COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON FOR BRINGING THIS
FORWARD INTO FOR REFORMING OUR
SUPPORT FOR THIS.
I APPRECIATE THE THE EFFORT TO
CORRECT MISS INCEPTIONS AS WELL
.
IT HAVE BEEN OUT IN THE
COMMUNITY AND ALSO REAFFIRM MY
SUPPORT FOR THAT AND ASKED TO
BE LISTED AS A CO-SPONSOR
FURTHER DISCUSSION COUNCIL LONG
AND WATSON.
ANOTHER ISSUE I'VE HEARD
BROUGHT UP COMMUNITY IS THE
CONCERN THAT OUR POLICE ARE NOT
IN SUPPORT OF THIS EFFORT AND
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
UH, IF YOU IF YOU FOLLOWED OUR
POLICE CHIEF INTERVIEWS EVERY
SINGLE CANDIDATE WHO CAME IN
LOOKING TO DO THIS WORK, THE
NRA CAME PREPARED TO BE IN
SUPPORT OF UNARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE.
>> UM, WHEN THIS FIRST CAME TO
COUNCIL AS AN IDEA, A WELL
RESEARCHED IDEA, THE THOUGHT
WAS THAT THIS IS MEANT TO MAKE
SURE THAT FOLKS ARE GETTING THE
SERVICES THEY NEED IN A MORE
EFFICIENT AND MORE TIMELY AND
MORE COMPASSIONATE MANNER.
UM, AND THAT HASN'T CHANGED
FROM THAT IDEA UH, THROUGH FROM
THAT IDEA FROM THE VOTE AND
MOVING THROUGH STAFF
IMPLEMENTATION IS DIFFERENT
FROM IMPLEMENTING A DREAM CAN
BE DIFFICULT BUT IT'S NOT
IMPOSSIBLE AS WE'VE SEEN IN
OTHER CITIES AROUND THE
COUNTRY.
UM, SO I THINK COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON TO PUTTING SOME
WORRIES TO REST KNOWING THAT WE
ARE STILL COMMITTED TO MAKING
SURE THAT OUR OUR COMMUNITY
MEMBERS ARE WELL SERVED.
UM, I ALSO JUST WANT TO POINT
OUT THAT, YOU KNOW, WE ARE
HAVING THIS CONVERSATION NOW
AND REAFFIRMING OUR COMMITMENT
BUT IT'S ALSO A GOOD
OPPORTUNITY TO UNDERSTAND WHAT
PUBLIC SAFETY MEANS THROUGHOUT
OUR COMMUNITY, OUR OUR MENTAL
HEALTH MILLICH OUR COUNTY
MENTAL HEALTH MILEAGES UP FOR
RENEWAL NEXT YEAR.
>> SO IT'S A REALLY GOOD TIME
AS WE ALL GO INTO BUDGETING ON
PUBLIC SAFETY, ON POLICING TO
THINK ABOUT NOT JUST THIS
PARTICULAR PROGRAM, THIS
PARTICULAR RFP BUT WHAT
POLICING MEANS IN GENERAL,
ESPECIALLY AS A PUBLIC HEALTH
ISSUE AND NOT AS A PUBLIC
SAFETY ISSUE.
>> COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON FROM
MY MY COLLEAGUES HAVE REALLY
SAID THANK YOU TO COUNCIL
MEMBER HARRISON FOR PUTTING IT
FOR PUTTING THIS FORWARD.
UM, I ALSO WANT TO TO REITERATE
MY SUPPORT FOR THIS AS A
SERVICE THAT WE WANT TO PROVIDE
TO COMMUNITY MEMBERS.
>> I HAD A COMMUNITY MEMBER
REACH TO ME CONCERNED THAT
PERHAPS THIS MEANT THAT COUNCIL
HAD STRAYED FROM THE VALUES
THAT WE PROFESSED IN TERMS
OF SEEKING AN NO RESPONSE
PROGRAM AND NOTHING COULD BE
FURTHER FROM THE TRUTH.
I BELIEVE WE'RE ALL COMMITTED
TO TO THE VALUES THAT NOT EVERY
CALL FOR HELP NEEDS TO BE
ANSWERED BY SOMEONE WITH A GUN.
FOR THAT REASON I'D LIKE TO BE
ADDED AS A CO-SPONSOR.
>> THANK YOU FOR THE DISCUSSION
.
>> SORRY KATSUO DISH MY
APOLOGIES.
NO NEED TO APOLOGIZE.
THANK YOU.
I WOULD LIKE TO BE ADDED AS A
CO-SPONSOR AS WELL.
THANK SONG.
>> IF I CAN ALSO ADD IF YOU
WANT TO SEE HOW WE'VE
DEMONSTRATED THE THE URGENCY
AND NEED AND PUTTING THIS THIS
RESOLUTION INTO PRACTICE KIND
OF I GUESS I TROLLERS IF YOU
LOOK AT SUPPORTIVE CONNECTIONS,
A PROGRAM THAT WE FUNDED
THROUGH THE PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE
USING MARIJUANA TAX REVENUE AND
THAT'S A TEAM OF SOCIAL WORKERS
WHO WORK DOWNTOWN IN RESPONSE
TO SUBSTANCE ABUSE, MENTAL
HEALTH CRISES UH, SO THAT'S
BEEN GOING ON FOR TWO YEARS NOW
.
UM, SO WE ARE NOT WORKING FROM
NOTHING TO SOMETHING
.
>> WE ARE WE ARE GRADUALLY
TRYING TO GET TO A PLACE WHERE
WHERE OUR COMMUNITY DOES NOT
HAVE TO RELY ON OUR POLICE TO
JUST WHEN THEY'RE IN CRISIS.
>> FURTHER DISCUSSION.
I JUST LIKE TO YOU KNOW,
RESTATE MY MY THANKS FOR
COUNCILMAN HARRISON FORD FOR
DRIVING THE BUS ON THIS AND FOR
SPEAKING SO SO DIRECTLY ON ON
THE POINT HERE ON ARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE, SOMETHING THAT I AND
WE HAVE BEEN LOOKING AT AND AND
ADVOCATING FOR AND WORKING
TOWARDS FOR QUITE SOME TIME NOW
AND IT IS IT IS A
DISAPPOINTMENT THAT WE DO HAVE
THIS STUMBLE.
BUT UH AND I'M GRATEFUL FOR THE
COMMUNITY SUPPORT THE COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT BOTH FROM MEMBERS
OF THE PUBLIC WHO ARE
AFFILIATED WITH THE MEMBERS
OF THE PUBLIC WHO ARE NOT
AFFILIATED WITH THE BITTER END.
INDEED ALL ADVOCACY GROUPS ON
THIS POINT.
YOU KNOW, I AND THE I BELIEVE
THE COUNCIL AND I BELIEVE TO AS
A CONSEQUENCE THE THE MUNICIPAL
ORGANIZATION ARE COMMITTED TO
ENSURING THAT DOWNSTREAM THE
THE COMMUNITY MEMBERS OF THE
CITY AND AABA RECEIVE THE
BENEFIT OF AND OUR MINE SAFETY
RESPONSE AND I'M CRISIS
RESPONSE PROGRAM THAT MEETS ALL
THE THE LEGAL SAFETY
ACCOUNTABILITY AND
ADMINISTRATIVE EXIGENCIES OF OF
A GOVERNMENT FUNDED PROGRAM.
>> THE PEOPLE OF ANN ARBOR
DESERVE DESERVE THAT AND WE ARE
GOING TO DO OUR OUR BEST TO
ENSURE THAT IT HAPPENS FURTHER
DISCUSSION ON FAVORITE POSED
IT'S APPROVED DC FIVE
RESOLUTION APPROVED STREET
CLOSURES OF THE UNIVERSE FOR
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
FOOTBALL NATIONAL ATTENTION
CHAMPIONSHIP PARADE ON SATURDAY
JANUARY THIRTEEN TWENTY TWENTY
FOUR FROM THREE P.M. UNTIL SIX
P.M. MOVE BY COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON THAT CAN BE COUNCIL
MEMBER WATSON DISCUSSION PLEASE
OF DC FIVE COUNCIL MEMBER
HARRISON TELL US ABOUT IT
BABLOO
WHAT MORE NEED BE SAID
FOR THE DISCUSSION?
EVERYBODY LOVES A PARADE ALL
FAVOR POSED.
>> IT IS APPROVED TO HAVE THE
PLEASURE OF A CLOSED SESSION
TODAY MISCA YES MUTATOR I WOULD
LIKE TO REQUEST A CLOSED
SESSION UNDER AMSTELL FIFTEEN
POINT TWO SIX EIGHT SECTION
EIGHT EIGHT TO DISCUSS THE
PRIVILEGED AND CONFIDENTIAL
MEMO PROVIDED OF COUNSEL ON
JANUARY 9TH 2024.
>> I'M PLEASED TO GO INTO
CLOSED SESSION ON THAT BASIS
MOVE BY COUNSEL READINESS BY
COUNCIL MEMBER WATSON
DISCUSSION ROLL CALL VOTE
PLEASE.
>> STARTING WITH
COUNCIL MEMBER
SONG THAT'S OUR SONG.
>> YES SIR WATSON YES THAT'S MY
DENHA YES WORKHOUSES YES.
MAYOR TAYLOR YES.
COUNCILOR IHR YEAH COUNCILOR
YES.
YES COUNCILOR CORNELL YES.
COUNCILOR DISH YES.
CUSTOMER HARRISON YES.
KERRY.
WE'RE IN CLOSED SESSION TO
REFRESH FOLKS RECOLLECTION.
>> WE'RE GOING TO GO UPSTAIRS
FOR CLOSED SESSION
WE HAVE TO
FORGE THE SUPPORT
OF COMMUNICATIONS PETITIONS AND
REFERRALS AND HAVE A MOTION
PLEASE TO APPROVE THE MOVE BY
COUNCIL MEMBER BECAUSE THE IDEA
WAS TAKEN BY COUNCIL MEMBER
WATSON DISCUSSION IN FAVOR
POSED IT IS APPROVED TO HAVE
THE PLEASURE OF COMMUNICATIONS
TODAY FROM OUR CITY ATTORNEY.
>> NO, THANK YOU, MAN.
THANK YOU.
WE NOW HAVE PUBLIC COMMENT
OVERFLOW TIME AN OVERFLOW.
THE RULES ARE THE SAME.
SPEAKERS HAVE THREE MINUTES IN
WHICH TO SPEAK BOTH HERE AND IN
THE ROOM.
SO PLEASE PAY CLOSE ATTENTION
TO THE TIME OUR CLERK OR THE
TIME CLERK WILL NOTIFY YOU WHEN
30 SECONDS ARE REMAINING AND
WHEN YOUR TIME'S EXPIRED WHEN
YOUR TIME HAS EXPIRED, PLEASE
CONCLUDE YOUR REMARKS AND CEDE
THE FLOOR.
OUR FIRST SPEAKER TODAY IS CAT
HAD THE PART OF OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS CAT HEADLY
.
HEY EVERYONE.
SORRY I WAS READY AND THEN I
WASN'T ALL RIGHT.
MY NAME IS CAT HADLEE.
I'M ESTIMATE NO I'M A LIBRARY
BOARD TRUSTEE AND I'M A TRUMAN
SCHOLAR AS SOMEONE WHO WORKS
DEEPLY ON THE FEDERAL LEVEL
OF POLITICS I'M WHERE THAN EVER
PASSING THE BILATERAL CEASE
FIRE RESOLUTION WILL NOT CREATE
AN IMMEDIATE STOP TO THE
VIOLENCE.
BUT I AM THRILLED THAT YOU HAVE
PASSED THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION BROUGHT BY
COUNCILPERSON EDWIN GHAZI AND
OTHERS SORRY GHAZI EDWYN I'M
DYSLEXIC JUST IN THE FACE
OF SUFFERING OUR HUMANITY HAS
TO PREVAIL.
THIS IS OUR COLLECTIVE
RESPONSIBILITY TO PRIORITIZE
THE PRESERVATION OF HUMAN LIFE
IN OUR WORLD.
ALL FORMS OF OPPRESSION ARE
INTERCONNECTED AND REINFORCE
EACH OTHER AND NONE CAN BE
FOUGHT IN ISOLATION.
WHAT GOOD IS OUR POWER IF NOT
USED IN DEFENSE OF OUR FELLOW
HUMAN BEINGS?
>> THIS CRISIS IS A LOCAL ISSUE
WHEN PEOPLE IN OUR COMMUNITY
ARE SEEING THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE
WHO SHARE THEIR IDENTITIES
BEING KILLED, UNARMED
CIVILIANS, CHILDREN, REAL
PEOPLE WITH REAL LIVES JUST
LIKE ALL OF US STANDING AND
SITTING HERE EVEN IF IT'S
ACROSS THE WORLD IT IMPACTS OUR
NEIGHBORS AND MAKES THEM FEEL
UNSAFE HERE AND EVERYWHERE.
WE ALL GREW UP IN A POST 9/11
WORLD AND WE SAW THE IMPACT
THAT HAD ON OUR MUSLIM
COMMUNITY AND THE PEOPLE THAT
HAD TO SURVIVE THAT IT IS OUR
DUTY TO SPEAK UP ON THEIR
BEHALF.
THE CALLING OF PUBLIC SERVICE
IS TO ACT TOWARDS THE GREATEST
GOOD FOR ALL PEOPLE AND WHEN
YOU STEP INTO THAT POWER
OF PUBLIC SERVICE YOU MAKE A
COMMITMENT TO THE GREATEST GOOD
AND PEOPLE EXPECT YOU TO HONOR
IT ALL LEADERS MUST TAKE
COLLECTIVE ACTION TO CREATE A
CEASE FIRE.
I KNOW LOTS OF YOU PERSONALLY
AND I KNOW THE PROFESSIONAL
POLITICAL STAKES FOR TAKING
THIS ACTION BUT WE HAVE TO DO
IT ANYWAYS BECAUSE ANYTHING
LESS WILL FOREVER BE A STAIN ON
OUR COLLECTIVE CONSCIENCE AND
WELL IT MAY HAUNT US THAT WE
REFUSE TO ACT TILL NOW.
YOU TOOK REAL STEPS TODAY TO
BECOME A BEACON OF HUMANITY AND
HOPE IN A DARK WORLD.
SO LET US ALL BE THE LEADERS
THE WORLD NEEDS.
LET US BE THE PUBLIC SERVANTS
THAT WE HAVE SWORN IN TO BE AND
LET US HOLD OURSELVES THE
HIGHEST GOOD FOR ALL
OF HUMANITY BECAUSE IF WE
CANNOT USE OUR POSITIONS POWER
TO SPEAK UP FOUR TIMES IN TIMES
OF INJUSTICE THEN WE NEVER
DESERVE TO BE TRUSTED WITH THAT
POWER IN THE FIRST PLACE.
>> I THANK YOU FOR PASSING THIS
RESOLUTION.
THANK YOU.
YOUR NEXT SPEAKER IS NO MCCOY,
NO ACOA
.
>> OUR NEXT NO MCCOY FAR.
YES.
GO AHEAD.
>> I WILL REMEMBER MCCOY I LIVE
IN WARD FOUR AND I'M HERE
TONIGHT TO COMMENT ON THE
RESOLUTION REAFFIRMING THE
COMMITMENT TO ESTABLISH AN
UNARMED BOND AND I APPRECIATE
YOU ALL FOR ME BUT I'M HERE TO
SAY THAT I'VE BEEN EXTREMELY
FRUSTRATED BY HOW THIS PROCESS
HAS GONE.
I THINK THIS RESOLUTION IGNORES
THE REALITY OF OUR WELL,
ANTIDEMOCRATIC QUOTE THE FACT
THAT A PROGRAM THAT AND TO ME
THIS RESOLUTION WAS ONLY ON THE
TABLE TONIGHT FOR EACH OF YOU
TO GRANDSTAND ABOUT YOUR
COMMITMENT TO THOSE WHO ARE
PRESENT IN OR DOING NOTHING BUT
AN ACTUAL PROGRAM ON BEHALF
OF STATE THAT MADE THE
DETERMINATION THAT COCA-COLA
RECEIVED DIDN'T MEET THE NEEDS
OF THE CITY THEY DIDN'T CARE
ABOUT SAFETY WHICH WASN'T MINE.
AND I WANT TO RAISE TWO KEY
ISSUES WITH THIS RESOLUTION
TRANSPARENCY AND TIMELINE.
THE RESOLUTION STATES OF THE
CITY COUNCIL IS MINDFUL OF AND
TRAINED BY THE ARAB RTA REPORT
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS ARE A
REQUIREMENT AND AN URGENT
TIMELINE.
THE HAVE BEEN NOTHING BUT
MOVING AT A SNAIL'S PACE FOR
YEARS.
THE RESOLUTION ITSELF NOTED
NOTED THAT THEY RECEIVED
FEEDBACK IN MARCH 23 PROPOSALS
IN AUGUST 23 AND YET WE DIDN'T
KNOW THAT IT TOOK UNTIL LATE
DECEMBER TO PUBLISH ONE IF THEY
DIDN'T MEET THE EXPECTATIONS
WITHOUT AN INTERVIEW, WITHOUT
COMMUNICATION, WITHOUT
FEEDBACK, IF WE'RE SUDDENLY IN
A RUSH TO OUR FUNDING DEADLINE,
WHY DID IT TAKE SO LONG TO GET
HERE?
>> I ALREADY HAVE THE SCOPE THE
CITY WANTED IN THE FIRST PLACE
.
>> WE ALSO HEARD THAT ONE
OF THE REASONS FOR TREBUCHETS
DENIAL WAS BECAUSE WE DIDN'T
HAVE A FULLY OPERATIONAL
PROGRAM WITHIN TWO YEARS BUT
THEN IT IN THE REQUEST FOR
PROPOSALS AND IT ALSO GOES
DIRECTLY AGAINST THE APPROACH
THAT OTHER CITIES HAVE TAKEN
WHICH IS MADE CLEAR BY THE
EXTENSIVE RESEARCH
INTENTIONALLY OUTLINE DETAILED
A.B.C. THE PROPOSAL THE
RESOLUTION ALSO STRAIGHT FROM
THE CITY COUNCIL UNDERSTANDS
THE IMPORTANCE
OF TRANSPARENCY
IN THE PROGRAM'S DEVELOPMENT.
YET WE'RE HERE TODAY WITH NO
INFORMATION FROM CITY STAFF THE
TREATMENT THAT CBS THEY DIDN'T
NEED THEIR ACCREDITATION NOR
DID CBS GET ANY FEEDBACK
THEMSELVES.
>> I'VE BEEN TOLD THAT CBS ONLY
APPLIED BASED ON THE FEEDBACK
THEY RECEIVED BUT THEY DIDN'T
RECEIVE ANY.
SO WHAT EXACTLY DIDN'T MEET OUR
PIECE AND WHY WE'RE
INTERVIEWING NEGOTIATIONS ARE
CRITICAL TO THE POWER TO
EVALUATE THE PROPOSAL AND WHY
AND WHAT EXPERTIZE AND RESEARCH
THEY DO THEY HAVE TO SHOW
THIRTY SECONDS IF THEY COULD
PUT IT ON.
>> I'M NOT SURE IF ANY OF YOU
HAVE READ THAT THE OBVIOUS
REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS AS WELL
AS THE SOLE PROPOSAL
APPLICATIONS.
>> BUT I HAVE AND WHAT I FOUND
IS A PROPOSAL THAT FULLY MET
THE REQUEST FOR PROPOSAL AND
PUT TOGETHER A THOUGHTFUL, WELL
RESEARCHED AND GROUNDBREAKING
PROGRAM THAT WAS DEVELOPED BY
AND FOR LONG TERM COMMUNITY
MEMBERS INFORMED BY THE VERY
COMMUNITY MEMBERS IN THIS
COMMUNITY THAT HAVE BEEN
PUSHING FOR THIS PROGRAM AS
WELL BEFORE THE COUNCIL TOOK IT
UP, THE CITY COUNCIL LIKE TO
SPONSOR A PROGRESSIVE PERHAPS
THE MOST PROGRESSIVE IN THE
CITY, THE MOST PROGRESSIVE TIME
.
SO LET'S SEE IT.
WE WAITED FOUR MONTHS FOR THE
CITY TO CATCH UP TO OTHERS ON
THE CEASEFIRE RESOLUTION.
WE WAITED FOUR YEARS FOR
COMMITTEE ON OUR RESPONSE AND
WE'RE READY TO SEE SOME.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS EPOS
HUSSEIN.
HE THOUGHT HUSSEIN
OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS A PUNCH FROM
HELLO
MY NAME IS AVI PACKENHAM FROM
I'M ANN ARBOR RESIDENT A
GROCERY STORE WORKER GUY IN THE
COMMUNITY AND FIRST OF ALL, I
WANTED TO THANK YOU FOR PASSING
THE CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION TO
ESPECIALLY THANK COUNCIL MEMBER
AISHA GHAZI EDWYN FOR ALL THE
WORK THAT SHE HAS DONE ON THIS
AS WELL AS EVERYONE ELSE WHO
HAS PUT WORK INTO MAKING THIS A
REALITY.
I ALSO WANT TO REITERATE THAT
THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE 100
PERCENT BARE MINIMUM.
>> YEAH, THIS RESOLUTION DOES
NOT THIS RESOLUTION ALTHOUGH IT
IS NECESSARY ALTHOUGH IT IS
NECESSARY FOR OUR COMMUNITY.
IT DOES NOT IT DOES NOT CALL
FOR THE CITY TO DIVEST.
IT DOESN'T CALL FOR THE CITY TO
YOU KNOW, REMOVE REMOVE, YOU
KNOW, THE BANKING THAT IT DOES
WITH CHASE BANK WHICH HAS
HELPED TO FUND GENOCIDE.
IT DOES NOT CALL FOR THE CITY
TO CONDEMN SOME OF THE ACTIONS
THAT THE UNIVERSITY HAS TAKEN
TO CRACK DOWN AGAINST THE
STUDENTS THAT HAVE BEEN
FIGHTING FOR JUSTICE ON CAMPUS
.
IT DOESN'T CALL IT DOESN'T CALL
OUT THE POLICE VIOLENCE AND
BRUTALITY THAT STUDENTS ON
CAMPUS HAVE EXPERIENCED.
IT DOES NOTHING TO IT DOES
NOTHING BEYOND SIMPLY STATE
THAT WE DON'T SUPPORT MASS
MURDER.
AND WHILE I AM VERY GLAD THAT
THE CITY COUNCIL HAS COME OUT
AND SAID THAT THEY DO NOT
SUPPORT MASS MURDER, I THINK
THAT WE NEED TO GO FURTHER AND
WE WILL GO FURTHER.
I ALSO WANT TO REITERATE WHAT
AMBER SAID ABOUT THE UNARMED
POLICE RESPONSE.
I THINK THAT I COULD IN NO WAY
SAY IT AS ELOQUENTLY OR AS
THOROUGHLY INVOLVED AS HER SO I
WILL LET HER STATEMENT STAND.
BUT I WANT TO SAY THAT MANY
OF US IN THE COMMUNITY,
INCLUDING THOSE OF US WHO HAVE
EXPERIENCED POLICE VIOLENCE
AROUND THIS VERY ISSUE ARE
WATCHING AND WE WE WON'T FORGET
WHAT PEOPLE DO IN THIS TIME.
>> AND I AM SAYING THIS AS A
JEWISH RESIDENT OF ANN ARBOR,
I'M SAYING THIS AS SOMEONE WHO
HAS A COUSIN WHO IS A HOSTAGE.
>> I'M SAYING THIS IS SOMEONE
WHO KNOWS MANY PEOPLE IN ISRAEL
WHO HAS FAMILY IN ISRAEL AND
YOU KNOW, FOR ME IT IS THE
MEMORIES OF MY MY GRANDMOTHER'S
GENERATION AND MY GREAT
GRANDMOTHER'S GENERATION, THE
ONE THAT EXPERIENCED THE
HOLOCAUST.
AND I FOR ME I SEE THE LOOK IN
THE EYES MY MY GRANDMOTHER SENT
ME A PACKET OF INFORMATION
INCLUDING FAMILY MEMBERS RIGHT
AFTER IT GOT OFF THE TRAIN ON
AUSCHWITZ AND I SEE THE LOOK IN
THEIR EYES.
THERE'S A LOOK AND THERE'S LOOK
WHEN SOMEONE IS EXPERIENCING
GENOCIDE THERE'S A LOOK OF FEAR
,DEPRESSION, ANGER AND
VACANCY.
AND EVERY TIME I SEE AN IMAGE
OF A PALESTINIAN UNDERGOING THE
BRUTAL BOMBARDING AND
OCCUPATION, IT IS THE SAME
EXACT LUCK.
THANK YOU, DR. BARBER SHOP
RICHARD STOLLAR SHOP
.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SAO
SHACHAR KRAKOUER CENTA SHAKOOR
BY PHONE THANK COLOR THE PHONE
NO RUNNING IN SEVEN ONE SEVEN
FOUR STAR SIX ON MUTE YOUR
PHONE GOT GOOD EVENING AND
THANK YOU FOR THE OPPORTUNITY
TO SHARE SWEETENHAM I SPEAK TO
YOU AS A MEMBER OF THIS BELOVED
COMMUNITY WITH MY STRONG
SUPPORT FOR THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION THAT YOU JUST PASSED
AND I'M THRILLED THAT YOU
APPROVED IT BY ENDORSING THIS
RESOLUTION YOU TOOK A
SIGNIFICANT STEP TOWARDS
FOSTERING AN ENVIRONMENT WHERE
OUR COMMUNITY MEMBERS CAN FEEL
SECURE, HEARD AND VALUE
DEMANDING TO END TARGETED
ATTACKS OF HOMES, SCHOOLS,
HOSPITALS AND PLACES OF WORSHIP
IS A HUMANE AND MORALLY CORRECT
THING TO DO.
>> I THINK THIS RESOLUTION
SHOWS THAT OUR COMMUNITY AND
OUR STAND FOR JUSTICE AND PEACE
FOR ALL AND FOR PROTECTING THE
FUTURE OF OUR CHILDREN.
I THANK YOU WHOLEHEARTEDLY FOR
SUPPORTING THIS RESOLUTION AND
FOR BEING ON THE RIGHT SIDE
OF HISTORY.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ELLIOT
SHLOCK ELLIOT SHLOCK
.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SUHAIL
BILL BISI NADHMI, THANK YOU
.
HELLO.
PEACE BE UPON YOU ALL.
I WOULD FIRST LIKE TO START BY
THANKING YOU AND CONGRATULATING
YOU FOR THE VOTE TODAY.
>> UM,
YOU KNOW OUR FRIEND WHO
UH SPOKE EARLIER MENTIONED
TALKING ABOUT RACE INSTEAD
OF BLACKS AND WHITES AND UM >>
IT IS VERY UPSETTING BECAUSE
THERE ARE SOME THINGS THAT ARE
JUST ABSOLUTELY TRUE AND
MASSACRING TENS OF THOUSANDS
UH, DECAYING BODIES, YOU KNOW,
THE SMELL OF DECAYING BODIES IN
THE STREET AS PEOPLE PEOPLE
WALK BY IS JUST BLATANTLY NOT
RIGHT.
SO I WOULD LIKE TO AGAIN THANK
YOU FOR THAT AND CONGRATULATE
YOU.
>> YOU KNOW IN EIGHTY SIX THIS
CITY COUNCIL NOT THE SAME
PEOPLE BUT THE SAME CITY
COUNCIL VOTED TO DIVEST FROM
APARTHEID IN SOUTH AFRICA AND
YOU KNOW, THAT'S THE CITY I WAS
BORN INTO.
>> SO I WAS A LITTLE BIT
WORRIED, YOU KNOW, COMING IN
THAT MAYBE THE CITY WAS NOT THE
SAME.
SO UM YOU KNOW, YOU ALL HAVE
MADE ME PROUD.
UH, AND YEAH.
>> UM, THANKS AGAIN.
>> AND UH, I THINK IT'S UM I
THINK IT'S A SHAME THAT OUR TAX
DOLLARS ARE FUNDING PEOPLE TO
BE BOMBED AND BLOWN TO
SMITHEREENS AND MEANWHILE
THERE'S HOMELESS HERE.
>> THERE IS PEOPLE WHO HAVE TO
DECIDE, YOU KNOW, WHETHER TO UH
UH YOU KNOW, NEWBORN INFANTS
WHETHER TO IF THEY CAN AFFORD
TO GIVE THEM CARE OR NOT.
AND SO I THINK THAT THAT'S JUST
A SHAME.
SO THANKS AGAIN.
>> THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DAVID.
WELL,
MAY I SEE THE SCHOLAR ON
THE
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS A
CENCOM.
GOOD EVENING.
UM, THANK YOU AISHA AND UH UH
MISS BRIGGS AND UH THIS SONG
FOR SUPPORTING THIS RESOLUTION
AND ALSO I FORGOT TO MENTION
YOUR NAME UH AND I HOPE YOUR
COUSIN IS REUNITED WITH HIS
FAMILY AND THE OTHER HOSTAGES
UH AND THE PEOPLE IN PALESTINE
JEWS, MUSLIMS AND CHRISTIANS
CAN CONTINUE TO LIVE PEACEFULLY
LIKE THEY HAVE FOR THE LAST
TWELVE HUNDRED YEARS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
FOR THE LAST TWELVE HUNDRED
YEARS THEY HAVE LIVED
PEACEFULLY FROM SEVEN HUNDRED
EIGHTY TO NINETEEN AND I HOPE
THAT PEACE RETURNS TO THE HOLY
LAND AND THANK YOU.
>> WELL THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS LISA
AT
THE PHONE NUMBER AND AGAIN
THREE THREE FOUR STAR SIX FROM
YOUR PHONE CALLER THREE THREE
FOUR
THREE THREE FOUR.
>> GO AHEAD.
HELLO.
I AM SPEAKING HERE TONIGHT TO
SUPPORT A CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION.
I WANT TO FIRST AND FOREMOST
THANK MY COMRADES HERE TONIGHT
WHO HAVE TIRELESSLY WORKED TO
SEE THIS RESOLUTION IN LIGHT
OF THE RESOLUTION PASSING THIS
EVENING FOR WHICH GRATEFUL I
WANT TO BRIEFLY SPEAK ON THE
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN A
NECESSARY INTERSECTIONAL
SOLIDARITY BETWEEN IN OUR
COMMUNITIES COMMUNITIES AND OUR
PALESTINIAN BROTHERS AND
SISTERS.
A CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION IS
ESSENTIAL.
IT IS ALSO THE BARE MINIMUM AND
IT IS SHAMEFUL THAT IT HAS
TAKEN THIS LONG FOR SUCH A
RESOLUTION TO COME TO THE FLOOR
OF THE CITY COUNCIL WHEN SO
MANY OF OUR NEIGHBORING CITIES
HAVE ALREADY DONE THE RIGHT
THING AND FOR A RESOLUTION.
BUT A CEASEFIRE IS NOT ENOUGH.
OUR COMMUNITY HERE AND ABROAD
CONTINUES TO SUFFER AND IT WILL
NOT STOP SUFFERING UNTIL WE
RECOGNIZE THAT OUR INDIVIDUAL
STRUGGLES ARE THE SAME STRUGGLE
INCREASINGLY SINCE THE NAKBA IN
1948, PALESTINE HAS BEEN AN
OPEN AIR PRISON WHERE THOSE
INDIGENOUS TO THE LANDS ARE
UNABLE TO MOVE FREELY.
THEY RESTRICTED NECESSARY
PROVISIONS SUCH AS WATER AND
MEDICAL CARE AND LIMITED FREE
TO FREEDOM.
MEANWHILE, ON NOVEMBER 17 23
THE DIVISION OF PUBLIC SAFETY
AND SECURITY AN ARM OF THE
MICHIGAN POLICE DEPARTMENT
FIRST 41 UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
STUDENTS ATTENDING A PROTEST IN
THIS REGION.
>> SOME FOLKS ARE HERE TONIGHT
SUPPORT AND OPEN CONVERSATION
ON AN UNARMED POLICE FORCE IN
TEXAS RESPONSES THIS ALL IS NOT
DIFFERENT FROM OUR CALL TO AND
GENOCIDE AND ISRAELI OCCUPATION
IN PALESTINE.
THEY ARE IN FACT DIRECTLY THE
AMERICAN POLICE FORCE IS
TRAINED BY THE ISRAELI DEFENSE
FORCES.
WEAPONS AND TACTICS ARE SHARED
AMONG AND BETWEEN THOSE WHO
ENACT VIOLENCE AGAINST
PALESTINIANS AND THE OCCUPIED
LAND TO TRAIN AMERICAN POLICE
FORCE.
THIS IS A LOCAL ISSUE.
INTERSECTIONAL ACTIVIST AND
SCHOLAR ANGELA DAVIS SPOKE ON
THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN WHAT
REGULARLY HAPPENS IN OUR CITIES
HERE IN THE USA AND IN OCCUPIED
PALESTINE AND FREEDOM IS A
CONSTANT STRUGGLE.
>> SHE STATED QUOTE WHAT WAS
INTERESTING DURING A PROTEST IN
FERGUSON WAS THAT PALESTINIAN
ACTIVIST NOTES THAT THEY SAW ON
SOCIAL MEDIA AND ON TELEVISION
THAT TEARGAS STORIES THAT WERE
BEING USED IN FERGUSON WERE
EXACTLY THE SAME TEARGAS
CANISTERS THAT WERE BEING USED
AGAINST THEM IN OCCUPIED
PALESTINE.
>> I'M TRYING TO SUGGEST THAT
THERE ARE CONNECTIONS BETWEEN
THE MILITARIZATION OF THE
POLICE AND THE U.S. WHICH
PROVIDES A DIFFERENT CONTEXT
FOR US TO ANALYZE THE
CONTINUING ONGOING
PROLIFERATION OF RACIST POLICE
VIOLENCE AND THE CONTINUOUS
ASSAULT ON PEOPLE IN OCCUPIED
POWER.
30 SECONDS FRANK, AND
ESPECIALLY WITH THE CITY
OF FERGUSON, ISRAEL, WE AS A
CITY MUST PROVIDE AID TO
PALESTINE WITH CITY AND POLICE
BRUTALITY.
WE MUST AFFIRMATIVELY
INTERSECTIONAL LIBERATORY
STRUGGLE, REJECTS
CRIMINALIZATION AND SUPPORT
THOSE STUDENTS.
WE NEED MEMBERS THAT ARRESTED
FOR EXERCISING THEIR LEGAL
RIGHT TO PROTEST.
>> THE CEASEFIRE IS A
MEANINGFUL WORD BUT IT IS NOT
ENOUGH AND I URGE THOSE
ACTIVISTS HERE TO KEEP FIGHTING
CRIME BECAUSE THESE ARE WORDS
AND ACTIONS.
THANK THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS USUALLY
MAHMOUD
.
>> GOOD EVENING.
MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL MEMBERS
.
I HAVE BEEN A RESIDENT FOR AN
HOUR OUR FOR WAS 30 YEARS.
I CAME TONIGHT TO DEMAND THAT
CEASEFIRE BE PERMANENTLY I TOOK
THIS COUNCIL MORE THAN TEN
MONTHS TO PASS THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION.
WE LIVED IN THE WORLD OF THE
SOCIAL MEDIA AND THE IMAGES THE
DEMONSTRATION OF THE HUMANITY
HARD OF OUR HEARTS OVER THE
TIME THAT THIS COUNCIL HAVE
BEEN DISCUSSING THIS RESOLUTION
,THE WAR CRIME AND GENOCIDE
HAS LOST AND ABATED THOUSANDS
OF CIVILIANS HAVE BEEN KILLED
AND INJURED UNTIL THIS MOMENT
WE ARE JUST ENTERING THE FOURTH
OF MONTH THIS YEAR WE ALMOST
WILL CLOSE TO THE TWENTY TWENTY
FOUR KILLED, SIXTY THOUSAND
INJURED AND 10000 DISAPPEARED.
THE EVEN THE BLOODSHED DEMOLISH
THE GRAVES 70 PERCENT OF THE
BUILDINGS WERE DESTROYED EVERY
DAY 180 WOMEN ARE GIVING BIRTH
WITHOUT WATER, WITHOUT
PAINKILLERS AND WITHOUT ANY
MEDICAL ASSISTANT.
TWO THIRDS OF THE WAR THAT ARE
WOMEN AND CHILDREN.
ISRAEL USED THE OLD DIDLEY AND
PROHIBITED WEAPONS AGAINST
THEM.
THE ARE BOTH MASS GRAVE A DOZEN
OF MASSACRES AND KILLER KILLING
OF THE CIVIL WAR WITHOUT
HUMANITY AND THEY ARE
COMPLETELY DESTROYED HOSPITALS
THE SCHOOLS, MOSQUES AND CHURCH
HOW BRUTAL THE KILLING AND
DESTRUCTION CONTINUE DESPITE
ALL ISRAEL SAYS THAT THEY ARE
FOLLOWING THE INCURSION INTO
INTERNATIONAL LAW.
WHAT THE INTERNATIONAL LAW AND
THE STILL KILLING THE CIVILIAN
WHAT THE KIDS LIKE BABIES AND
THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING
AROUND THEM AND WE COME HERE
TOGETHER SPEAKING TO PASS THE
CEASEFIRE AND WE ARE HERE TO
HELP TO STOP THE WAR AND
COLLECTIVE PUNISHMENT AND FIND
WAYS TO PROTECT THE PEOPLE
OF GAZA AND ALL PALESTINIANS
FROM CRIME ATTACKS AGAINST
THEM.
AND LATELY LASTLY I WOULD LIKE
TO THANK YOU TONIGHT GUYS FOR
THE RESOLUTION AND THIS IS
ACTUALLY THAT'S NOT SURPRISING
MY CITY OF NABIL AND ALSO MOST
OF THE NEWS BLAMING THE HAMAS
WHILE YOU ATTACK AND ISRAEL AND
THEY FORGOT AND THAT PALESTINE
WAS A OCCUPIED BY ISRAEL.
SEVENTY FIVE YEARS AND A
BRITAIN WAS OCCUPIED PALESTINE
THAT TIME BEFORE THEY LEFT AND
THEY GIVE HIM THAT BALFOUR
DECLARATION AND IF YOU
EVERYBODY KNOWS ABOUT THAT AND
THE LOCAL OPEN SOURCE NOW IT IS
JUST LET ME THANK YOU GUYS.
I'M SO HAPPY BECAUSE YOU ARE
PASSING THOSE LAWS AND I HOPE
SO BE CEASE FIRE STOP FOREVER.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS KEELEY
LOMBARDI KEELEY LOMBARDI
.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS FADELL
NABULSI, NIPSY FADAL, ELSIE.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS CLAIRE
FORSTER
.
THANK YOU TO THE COUNCIL
MEMBERS FOR YOUR PERSISTENCE IN
REVISING AND PASSING THIS
RESOLUTION AND THANK YOU TO
EVERYONE AND IN ADVANCE FOR
YOUR TIME.
MY NAME IS CLAIRE EWING
FORRESTER.
I HAVE LIVED IN ANN ARBOR FOR
MOST OF MY LIFE.
I ATTENDED PUBLIC SCHOOLS HERE
IN 2004 AND 2005.
I REPRESENTED ANN ARBOR AT
NATIONAL YOUTH POETRY
COMPETITIONS.
I'M ALSO A GRADUATE OF THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN WHERE I
DOUBLE MAJORED IN CREATIVE
WRITING AND LINGUISTIC
ANTHROPOLOGY DURING MY
UNDERGRADUATE YEARS I WAS A
TEACHING ARTIST AT THE NEUTRAL
ZONE AND WAS FOR A TIME A CORE
MEMBER OF AN ARBOR'S LITERARY
ARTS COMMUNITY AS A POET MY
EARLY ACADEMIC CAREER WAS
FOCUSED ON THE BUILDING BLOCKS
OF POETRY, LANGUAGE AND CULTURE
.
I STUDIED SPANISH AND ARABIC,
WORKED A SUMMER FOR THE YMCA IN
SPAIN AND SPENT A SEMESTER
ABROAD AT THE AMERICAN
UNIVERSITY IN CAIRO IN 2008
WHICH CHANGED THE COURSE OF MY
LIFE.
I EVENTUALLY WENT BACK FOR GRAD
SCHOOL, YOU SEE AND LIVED AGAIN
IN CAIRO FROM 2012 TO 2015 I
SHIFTED MY FOCUS TO THE VISUAL
LANGUAGE OF TELLING THE STORY
OF REAL EVENTS ALSO KNOWN AS
PHOTOJOURNALISM.
IN THIS CASE WITH THE EYES
OF THE MUCH LAUDED CITIZEN
JOURNALISTS OF THE SO-CALLED
ARAB SPRING ATTRACT SOCIAL
MEDIA BASED IMAGE TRENDS FOR
THREE YEARS TRYING TO ANSWER
THE QUESTION WHAT MAKES AN
IMAGE VIRAL OF A POLITICAL
EVENT OR EVERYDAYNESS AND HOW
DOES REVOLUTION HAPPEN?
HOW DID TAHRIR SQUARE FILLED
WITH SO MANY PEOPLE?
NONE THAT HAPPENS WITHOUT A
PEOPLE NO LONGER WILLING TO BE
SUBJECT TO VIOLENT POLICE AND
MILITARY RULE AND A
WELL-ESTABLISHED BASE
OF GRASSROOTS ORGANIZERS
.
AND WHAT WAS THE CORE ELEMENT
OF THAT BASE OF ORGANIZED
RESISTANCE TO OPPRESSION EGYPT,
PALESTINIAN REFUGEES, THEIR
CHILDREN AND THEIR CONTINUED
RESISTANCE TO OCCUPYING FORCES
EVERYWHERE OCCUPY WALL STREET
CAME FROM OCCUPY TAHRIR SQUARE
WHICH CAME FROM ORGANIZING
DEMONSTRATIONS AGAINST THE 2008
GAZA WAR WHICH CAME FROM
DEMONSTRATIONS AGAINST THE 2006
ISRAELI HEZBOLLAH WAR WHICH
CAME FROM DEMONSTRATIONS
AGAINST OUR WAR IN IRAQ WHICH
BEGAN IN 2003, WHICH IS WHEN WE
STARTED TO CALL MYSELF A POET.
MY RESEARCH IN EGYPT AND MY
EXPERIENCE AS A FOREIGN STUDENT
THERE AFFORDED ME A GLIMPSE
INTO HOW WE IN THE US ARE NOT
ONLY PAINFULLY UNAWARE OF THE
REALITIES ON THE GROUND IN THE
MIDDLE EAST AND NORTH AFRICA WE
ARE FED A PARTICULAR NARRATIVE
OF GOOD AND EVIL FALSE
JUSTIFICATIONS FOR VIOLENCE
BETWEEN THE FORCES
OF OCCUPATION AND THE ARMED
RESISTANCE JUSTIFICATIONS FOR
ISLAMOPHOBIA AND VIOLENCE
AGAINST PALESTINIANS AND
JUSTIFICATIONS FOR
ANTI-SEMITISM AND VIOLENCE
AGAINST JEWISH SETTLERS IN
PALESTINE.
ALL VIOLENCE IN DIRECT
CORRELATION TO THE RISE IN
VIOLENCE AGAINST ARAB AND
MUSLIM COMMUNITIES AND JEWISH
COMMUNITIES IN THE UNITED
STATES.
THE MORE VIOLENCE WE ALLOW AND
PERPETRATE IN OCCUPIED
PALESTINE THE MORE VIOLENCE WE
ALLOW AND IS PERPETRATED
AGAINST OUR COMMUNITIES HERE.
I BELIEVE RESOLVING AS A
COMMUNITY FORCES' IN GAZA IS
THE FIRST STEP, THE BARE
MINIMUM TO REDUCING ETHNO
RELIGIOUS VIOLENCE HERE IN ANN
ARBOR AND MICHIGAN.
MORE BROADLY, WE MUST CONTINUE
TO PRESSURE OUR REPRESENTATIVES
IN WASHINGTON TO VOTE FOR A
CEASEFIRE WITH PALESTINE BE
FREE SO THAT WE MAY ALL BE FREE
SPEAKER I
HELLO FIRST I'D LIKE
TO THANK YOU GUYS FOR PASSING
THE RESOLUTION EVEN THOUGH I'M
VERY HAPPY THAT MY COMMITTEE
MEMBERS SHOWED UP, I'M SADDENED
THAT TOOK US THIS LONG TO SAY
TO CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE.
BUT I WOULD LIKE TO RESPOND TO
ONE OF THE PREVIOUS SPEAKERS I
WISH SHE WAS STILL HERE.
HE SPOKE EARLIER SPEAKING UP
AGAINST HIS OWN GOVERNMENT.
THE ISRAELI GOVERNMENT AND I'M
GLAD THAT THEY ARE OPPOSING
THEIR OWN GOVERNMENT NOW
ESPECIALLY NOW THAT THEY
REALIZE THAT GOVERNMENT NO
LONGER SERVES THEM AFTER WE'VE
SEEN THAT THEY'VE SHOT THEIR
OWN HOSTAGES AND ALSO WANTED TO
ADDRESS HIS COMMENTS ABOUT THE
PALESTINIAN AND ISRAELI GRAY,
HIS ISRAELI GRAYS THAT HE
DOESN'T SUPPORT HIS GOVERNMENT
BUT HE DOESN'T SEE PALESTINIAN
AGREE.
I WANT TO TELL YOU ABOUT THE
PALESTINIAN GRAY IN THE SAME
WAY HE SPOKE ABOUT THE ISRAELI
GREAT.
>> THE PALESTINIAN GREAT IS
MAJOR NEWS NETWORKS FEELING
LIES ABOUT THE EVENTS ON
OCTOBER 7TH WITH NO EVIDENCE
THE PALESTINIAN GRAY IS OUR OWN
PRESIDENT SAYING THOSE SAME
LIES RECKLESSLY.
>> ITS PEOPLE STILL SAYING
THOSE SAME LIES TODAY THE
PALESTINIAN GRAVES, A CHILD
BEING CALLED A TERRORIST BY A
COUNCILOR IN THAT COUNCILOR
GETTING THE DISCIPLINARY ACTION
A PAID DAY OFF.
THE PALESTINIAN GROUP IS
ATTAINING OUR POSITION ON A
SCHOOL BOARD.
FINALLY A VOICE FOR THE
VOICELESS SPEAKING AGAINST THE
GENOCIDE AND THEN BEING TOLD
YOUR VOICE SHOULDN'T BE HERE.
THE PALESTINIAN GROUP IS
WATCHING STUDENTS VIOLENTLY
ATTACKED BY POLICE FOR
PEACEFULLY PROTESTING THE
PALESTINIAN GENOCIDE AND THEN
WATCHING MICHIGAN FOOTBALL FANS
VIOLENTLY READY TO VANDALIZE
THE STREETS OF ANN ARBOR
FREHLEY, THE PALESTINIAN GREA,
THE DENIAL OF THE ONGOING
NAKBA, THE ONGOING GENOCIDE,
THE ONGOING CATASTROPHE ISRAEL
IS ILLEGALLY OCCUPYING
PALESTINE.
THE PALESTINIAN GREAT IS WHEN
YOU CALL ANTI SEMITISM YOU
DON'T FOR ONE SECOND CONSIDER
THE PALESTINIAN JEW PALESTINIAN
GRAY IS THE SILENCE ON THE
SEVEN THOUSAND PALESTINIAN
HOSTAGES CURRENTLY BEING HELD
BY ISRAEL AND NOT A PEEP FROM
ANYBODY.
OK, THIS IS AN OFFICIAL NUMBER
FROM THE HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH.
WHY AREN'T THOSE NUMBERS EVER
TALKED ABOUT THE PALESTINIAN
GREAT IS THAT TO THIS DAY
PEOPLE REFUSED TO DO THE
RESEARCH AND WE ARE STILL
SPEWING LIES ABOUT THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE.
>> THE PALESTINIAN GRAY HAS
BEEN OBSERVED FOR SEVENTY FIVE
YEARS.
>> HOW MUCH GREAT CAN THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE OBSERVE?
>> WATCHING THE ICJ MEETING
THIS MORNING WAS A BREATH
OF FRESH AIR FOR THE FIRST TIME
ON SCREEN SFR AND LAWYERS
BRAVELY ACKNOWLEDGE THE ONGOING
GENOCIDE.
MY RELIEF IS NOT THAT THEY STAY
IN THE GRAVE BUT THAT THEY
FINALLY BROKE OUT OF IT AND
THAT THEY SPOKE UP AND THEY
SPOKE THE TRUTH.
THAT IS TRUE LEADERSHIP AS A
COUNTRY PERFORMATIVE WE
CELEBRATE THREATENED LUTHER
KING JUNIOR THIS COMING MONDAY
.
>> I WANT TO LEAVE YOU WITH THE
QUOTE AND AS OUR LIVES BEGIN TO
END THE DAY WE BECOME SILENT
ABOUT THINGS THAT MATTER.
>> THANK YOU AND MAYOR, THIS
COLOR IS ON.
SO THANK YOU CARD THE PHONE
NUMBER ZERO SEVEN FOR STAR SIX
TO UNMUTED PHONE GO AHEAD
AND
CAN I BE HERE?
>> YES, YOU CAN.
PERFECT.
HELLO ALWAYS THANK THE NO WE'RE
FINALLY STARTING TO SEE A
RESOLUTION TO BE HONEST IT'S
SOMETHING THAT FOR THE PAST
YEARS AGO IN TERMS OF PALESTINE
AND I'M REALLY GLAD WE'VE
GOTTEN TO THIS POINT AND I
THINK NOW THERE ARE SEVERAL
STEPS TO GO FOR THIS AND THAT
WAS REALLY IN TIME IN WHY MORE
TERRORIZATION IS VERY IMPORTANT
WITHIN MICHIGAN.
WE REALLY NEED TO GET FIRST
BASE SAFETY OVER THE BORDER
CLOCK THAT ARE SUPPORTED BY THE
CITIZEN AABERG THAT ARE A
STUDENT THAT HAS BEEN
BRUTALIZING OUR CITIZENS.
WE NEED TO SUPPORT OUR
COMMUNITY MEMBERS THAT INCLUDES
INDIVIDUALS WHO HAVE WHO HAVE
FAMILY IN.
>> WE NEED TO STAND BY OUR
COMMUNITY MEMBERS.
WE NEED TO DO DEMAND OUR
GOVERNOR.
>> WE NEED TO DEMAND THAT OUR
GOVERNOR AND OUR SENATOR GO
FORTH WITH A CEASE FIRE.
WE NEED TO GO FURTHER THAN
THAT.
THIS ONE SET UP SEVERAL AND I
ASK AND I REQUEST EVERY SINGLE
COUNCIL MEMBER MAKES THE
INTENTION TO GO FORWARD WITH
THAT AND I PERSONALLY AND EVERY
SINGLE COUNCIL MEMBER I MEAN
FIGURATIVELY ON THE VOTE BUT
EVERY SINGLE PERSON JUST LIKE
YOU AND SUPPORTED THIS PIECE
OF LEGISLATION I'M EXPECTING
SUPPORT EVERY SINGLE ONE
OF THOSE POINTS THAT I
MENTIONED AND PUT FORWARD TO
SEEING YOU IN THE MEETING.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ISMA'IL
MORE OR THE DIVIDEND RUBBLY.
THIS WORD IN GAZA IS PROHIBITED
BECAUSE THERE IS NO GOOD
EVENING IN GAZA FIRST THANK YOU
VERY MUCH FOR PASSING THE
RESOLUTION AND TO SAY THAT OUR
WORK IS NOT FINISHED YET WE
HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO BECAUSE
THERE ARE LOTS OF DEVELOPMENTS
THAT WE WILL NOT PAY ATTENTION
TO.
HOWEVER, THE PASSING THE
RESOLUTION AS TO THIS DAY THIS
DAY THE 11TH OF OF JANUARY 2024
THAT MAKES THIS DAY IS ACTUALLY
AN EXTRAORDINARY HISTORIC DAY
BECAUSE OF WHAT HAPPENED IN
HAGUE JUST TODAY AND TOMORROW
BROUGHT THE ZIONIST ENTITY IN
FRONT OF THE COURT IN FRONT
OF THE COURT AND THEY ARE AN
INTERNATIONAL INTERNATIONAL
JUSTICE AND I WILL HOPE TO LIVE
LONGER TO SEE THAT ALL THE
ZIONIST CRIMINALS WHO ARE ACTED
AGAINST HUMANITY AND GENOCIDE
AGAINST PALESTINIANS NOT ONLY
PALESTINIANS BUT THE WHOLE AREA
OF THE MIDDLE EAST TO BE
BROUGHT IN THE FRONT OF THE
OF THE INTERNATIONAL COURT SO
THEY CAN BE CHARGED WITH
GENOCIDE.
MY NAME IS AS MY LAWYER AND I
AM A MEMBER OF SURVIVAL
CATASTROPHE SURVIVOR IF YOU
WILL.
ALTHOUGH I WAS BORN A FEW
MONTHS AFTER IN NINETEEN NINETY
NINETEEN FORTY FORTY NINE A FEW
MONTHS AFTER THE CATASTROPHE
HAPPENED.
BUT I CONSIDER MYSELF AS A
SURVIVOR OF THE NAKBA BECAUSE
MY MOTHER CONCEIVED WITH ME
BEFORE THE NAKBA AND CARRIED ME
AFTER AQABA WHEN I WAS BORN
DURING MY 75 YEARS I WENT
THROUGH A LOT OF CRIMES THAT
WERE COMMITTED AGAINST MY
PEOPLE IN MY TOWN AND I
WITNESSED ALL THESE CRIMES
HAPPENED IN NINETEEN FIFTY TWO
IN 1956.
IN 1966, IN 1967 AND 1973 IN
NINETEEN SEVENTY EIGHT IN
NINETEEN EIGHTY AND IN NINETEEN
NINETY UP TO NOW TO NINETEEN
TWENTY THREE WERE THERE WERE
THIRTY THOUSAND OF OF THE
GAZANS ARE KILLED BECAUSE
OF THE GENOCIDE OF THE ZIONIST
ENTITY
.
>> WELL I THANK YOU LET ME LET
ME FINISH
WITH THIS I OFFER
THANK YOU TO HAVE A CLASS
TEACHER IN THE CLASS THANK YOU
ALL.
WE CAN SHED SOME LIGHT ON THE
ORIGIN OF CLESTINE QUESTION.
THANK YOU SPEAKER IS MARIA
HELPS MARIA TOUTE OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS UDIA HABOUR ODILLE.
>> MY APOLOGIES
, ELOQUENCE,
ELOQUENCE OR I SUPPORT THIS
RESOLUTION.
>> I'M GLAD IT WAS FINALLY
PASSED.
IT'S NOT PERFECT.
MAY BE THERE IS A GOOD STEP
FORWARD AND I CALL SUPPORT YOUR
COUNCIL MEMBERS THAT THAT WORK
LONGER WILL ALSO NEED YOU TO
JEWISH TRADITION THAT YOU WILL
BE A WILL JUSTICE CRUM'S 400
TIMES MEANS ACHIEVING JUSTICE
AND SO JUST MEANS SO THAT'S
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT
BECAUSE I WAS CLOSE ADVISOR TO
THE JEWS THAT WHEN YOU COME TO
THE PROMISED LAND PEACE TONJA
WHO'S PLAYING THIS BECAUSE YOU
WERE SCARED IN EGYPT SUSLOV
VALUES AND IN THE CHRISTIAN
TRADITION IT IS YOUR LOVE YOUR
NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF.
>> YES.
AFTER SEVEN YEARS
OF CONFINEMENT AND OCCUPATION I
MUST GENTER BORDER AND KILL
HIGHLY VARIABLE SILENT ONES
HAVE BOOKS AND BOOKS DETAILING
OVER SEVEN YEARS HOW MANY
PALESTINIANS CHILDREN WERE
KILLED BY ISRAEL AND A HUGE
AMOUNT AND IT WAS VERY CONSIST
ENTRY EVEN THEY WERE SHOT IN
THE BACK AND IT STILL CONTINUES
.
ALSO CHILDREN OF PALESTINIAN
CHILDREN WERE PRISONER.
EVEN PUTIN SAID THAT
CONFINEMENT IT BREAKS MY HEART
TO THINK OF THE TREATMENT THAT
WE HUMANS DO TO OUR OWN
CHILDREN.
>> OF COURSE BEHIND THE SCENES
THERE WAS A U.S. ISRAELI ARMY
JUST THREE AND GAZA WAS A TEST
GROUND.
IT WAS ALSO DONE BY DOME.
HE DIDN'T TESTED IT THAT TO BE
TESTED BY HAMAS AND THAT'S THE
CURSE OF MILLIONS NOT FROM THE
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET.
SO YOU GAVE THEM MILLIONS
OF THEIR FOSTER HOME
EXPERIMENTATION.
HAMAS WAS SUPPORTED BY ISRAEL
WHEN IT WAS CREATED BECAUSE IT
DIVIDED THE POLICE UNION
LEADERSHIP.
>> IT IS BY JEWS THAT THE WORLD
ANTI US FIND THE SOLUTION TO
THIS WHOLE ISRAEL IN THE HOLY
LAND OF WHICH WE TRADITION
PROBABLY MORE COME FROM.
WE NEED TO MOVE TOWARD PEACE
AND WE NEED TO DIVEST FROM THE
ARMS INDUSTRY.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, STEVE.
>> STEVE NOFFKE
.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SELMA
HAMAMI
, SELMA HAMAMI, WORIMI.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS CAMERON
ROGERS, CAMERON ROGERS.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS LUKE
NEUMANN, LUC NEUMANN
OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS JUNANKAR BUSH
JUNANKAR BUSH.
THANK YOU MAYOR.
I DON'T SEE THIS COLERAIN ZOOME
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS AMY
BELFOUR.
>> AMY BELFOUR OUR NEXT SPEAKER
IS LINDA HUBA
.
BELIEVE GOOD EVENING.
>> MY NAME IS LINDA HUBER.
I'M A RESIDENT.
VANOVER TO ME THE PROMISE OF AN
UNARMED NONUSERS PROGRAM IS
REALLY PERSONAL.
MY BROTHER HAS STRUGGLED WITH
MENTAL HEALTH ISSUES AND
ADDICTION FOR THE PAST FEW
DECADES AND I CAN'T COUNT THE
NUMBER OF TIMES THAT THIS HAS
LANDED HIM IN THE BACK OF A COP
CARS IN JAIL TIME ME TIME AGAIN
THESE INTERACTIONS WITH POLICE
AND THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM
HAVE NEVER HELPED HIM.
THEY'VE CRIMINALIZED HIM, MADE
HIM A DEBTOR, MADE IT DIFFICULT
FOR HIM TO GET A JOB.
THIS IS NOT CARE AND HE'S NOT
SAFETY.
>> MANY OF MY FRIENDS WERE
RECENTLY AT A PEACEFUL PROTEST
ON THE UM CAMPUS.
DURING THAT PROTEST THE
UNIVERSITY PUT OUT A CALL FOR
LAW ENFORCEMENT FROM TEN
DIFFERENT LOCAL PRECINCTS.
>> I'D LIKE TO ASK YOU ALL
WOULD YOU LIKE YOUR CHILDREN TO
BE AT A UNIVERSITY BUILDING
TOGETHER PEACEFULLY PROTESTING
OR IN A BUILDING ABSOLUTELY
FILLED WITH DOZENS AND DOZENS
ARMED COPS?
WHICH OF THESE SITUATIONS SEEMS
LIKE SAFETY FOR YOU?
I UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ALL SHARE
MY CONCERNS.
YOU'VE EMPHASIZED HERE TODAY
THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THE NEED
FOR AN UNARMED MAN POLICE
RESPONSE SERVICE FOR OUR CITY.
YOUR RESOLUTION TONIGHT APPEARS
TO REAFFIRM THAT COMMITMENT.
YET I AM STRUGGLING TO CONNECT
THIS PERFORMANCE OF A BOARD TO
WHAT I'M ACTUALLY SEEING
HAPPEN.
I'VE SEEN THE PROPOSAL FROM
CURB SAFETY INCLUDING MANY
PEOPLE WHO I RECOGNIZE I KNOW
PERSONALLY ALREADY THE HEART
OF CARE AND SAFETY FOR OUR
COMMUNITY.
>> THESE ARE THE PEOPLE THAT I
TRUST THAT I KNOW SO MANY
OF YOU HERE ON CITY COUNCIL YOU
KNOW THESE PEOPLE SO MANY
PEOPLE IN ANN ARBOR KNOW THESE
PEOPLE AND THESE SHOULD BE THE
PEOPLE TO CREATE THE SERVICE.
I'M TRULY AT A LOSS AS TO WHY
THIS PROPOSAL WAS NOT SEEN AS
MEETING THE NEEDS OF THE CITY.
I STRUGGLE TO IMAGINE WHO OR
WHAT PROGRAM WOULD MEET THE
NEEDS OF THE CITY FROM WHAT
WE'VE HEARD SOME OF THE
RATIONALE FOR CANCELING THIS
RFP RELATED TO NOT BEING ABLE
TO GET A 24/7 SERVICE UP AND
RUNNING IN SHORT ORDER AND TRUE
COMMUNITY BASED.
IT TAKES TIME.
IT REQUIRES YOU TO BUILD
RELATIONSHIPS.
IT LOOKS PRETTY DIFFERENT FROM
THE CURRENT STANDARD OPERATING
PROCEDURES THAT TREAT PEOPLE
LIKE MY BROTHER LIKE COGS IN A
MACHINE.
I CAN'T HELP BUT FEEL THAT PART
OF THE REASON THIS RFP WAS
CANCELED IS BECAUSE THIS FORM
OF SAFETY DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
WHAT YOU EXPECT FROM YOUR
MODELS AND TEMPLATES
OF CARCERAL SAFETY.
THIS IS SOMETHING NEW,
SOMETHING FOR US AND FOR US.
I HOPE THAT YOU ARE NOT
CONSIDERING HIRING SOME
EXTERNAL CONSULTANTS THAT CAN
SCALE RAPIDLY AND WHICH WILL
NOT BE THE PEOPLE THAT HAVE
BUILT TRUST IN THE COMMUNITY.
I HOPE THAT YOU ALL READ
CARAVAGGIO'S PROPOSAL IN ITS
ENTIRETY.
IT DESCRIBES A PILOT PROGRAM
THAT CAN LEARN GROW, SUCCEED
WITHIN AN HOUR WORK RATHER THAN
PRIORITIZING SCALE AT THE
EXPENSE OF ROBUST RELATIONSHIP
ORIENTED CARE.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO CREATE A NEW
RFP, I HOPE THAT YOU CREATE
SOMETHING IS NOT DEVIATE VERY
CLEAR IN THE MANDATE TO CREATE
A SERVICE THAT IS COMPLETELY
INDEPENDENT FROM THE POLICE.
LET ME REPEAT THAT IS
COMPLETELY INDEPENDENT FROM THE
POLICE THAT IS ACCESSIBLE FROM
AN ONLINE WINDOW.
NO.
>> AND WHICH IS RUN BY PEOPLE
FROM OUR COMMUNITY AND FOR OUR
COMMUNITY.
THANK YOU.
SPEAKER IS ERIC TRANSDEV
MAYOR,
I DON'T SEE THIS COLOR ON THE
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS A PUNCHING
BUNTING.
THANK YOU, MAYOR.
I DON'T SEE THIS COLOR.
MS.
FOR NEXT WEEK WORKING FOR A MAN
WHO WAS MURDERED BY OUR MAN MAN
WHO HIRED MANTLEPIECE JUST
ABOUT ALL.
THANK YOU, MA'AM.
YOU'RE OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS PAUL
DIAMOND KILLED DIAMOND TEN
YEARS OF WORK AND YEARS
OF COMMUNITY WORK CAN'T
REMEMBER THE WHOLE TIME.
>> THANK YOU MA'AM.
YOU ALL HAVE TO BE SHOCKED
KILLED.
THANK YOU MISS DIAMOND.
YOU KNOW YOU.
>> HI MY NAME IS DIAMOND.
I'M IN ARBOR RESIDENT MOTHER
OF TWO SMALL CHILDREN SCHOLAR
AND SMALL BUSINESS OWNER.
>> THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBERS
FOR PASSING THE RESOLUTION TO
CALL FOR A CEASE
FIRE IN GAZA.
>> I ALSO AGREE WITH THE OTHERS
THAT I'VE ALREADY SAID THIS BUT
I FEEL LIKE IT'S THE BARE
MINIMUM AND I REALLY WANT YOU
ALL TO CONSIDER AND KNOW THAT
THERE'S GOING TO BE FORTHCOMING
PRESSURE AND PROPOSALS FOR
DIVESTING OF TAXPAYER MONEY
FROM THE ISRAELI MILITARY OR
WEAPONS FUNDS THAT COULD BE
USED TO HOUSE PEOPLE.
WASN'T THERE JUST A CALL FOR
THAT SO I'M ALSO GLAD THAT THE
COUNCIL IS RECOMMITTING TO
ESTABLISH AN ARMED CRISIS
RESPONSE PROGRAM OF THE CITY
OF BANABA.
AND I WANT TO ECHO A LOT OF THE
FRUSTRATION.
>> I REALLY HOPE I'M
DISAPPOINTED AND I REALLY HOPE
THAT THIS COMMITMENT INCLUDES
REAFFIRMING TO THE CROW'S
VALUES THAT EACH MEMBER OF THIS
COUNCIL IS ALREADY SUPPORTED,
THAT ANY UNARMED RESPONSE
PROGRAM SUPPORTED BY THE CITY
OF BANABA MUST BE INDEPENDENT
FROM THE POLICE AND IT MUST BE
GROWN AND RUN BY COMMUNITY
MEMBERS WE SEE BOTH
DOMESTICALLY AND ABROAD THAT
STATE SANCTIONED VIOLENCE DOES
NOT LEAD TO SAFER AND HEALTHIER
COMMUNITIES.
I WANT TO REPEAT I REMEMBER OUR
GROCER I WAS HERE IN 2014.
IT'S A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT THAT
WE ALL HAVE CANCELED IT
ESPECIALLY WHEN A COMMUNITY
DRIVEN CARE BASED RESPONSE WAS
FORMED AND CREATED TO PROVIDE
THIS ESSENTIAL SERVICE.
THE ONLY RESPONDED TO THE RFP.
>> SO I WANT YOU ALL TO
CONSIDER THIS AS WE MOVE
FORWARD WE NEED TRANSPARENCY
AND ENGAGEMENT.
IT'S ESSENTIAL FOR THE COUNCIL
TO DIRECT STAFF TO COMMIT TO AN
OPEN, CLEAR AND TRANSPARENT
PROCESS.
>> STAFF HAVE PUBLICLY
COMMUNICATED THAT THE REASON
FOR THE RECENT RFP CANCELATION
WAS MAYBE DUE TO A CHANGE IN
SCOPE MAYBE THERE WERE FEW TO
BIDS BUT WE WE DON'T REALLY
KNOW EXACTLY WHY STILL SO
MOVING FORWARD WE REALLY NEED
TRANSPARENCY AND I HOPE THAT
THE CITY WILL COMMIT TO AN OPEN
DIALOG BETWEEN THE COUNCIL CITY
STAFF, SERVICE PROVIDERS AND
THE PUBLIC TO IMPROVE MUTUAL
RESPECT AND TRUST.
WE ALSO NEED INFORMED DECISION
MAKING.
I ENCOURAGE THE COUNCIL TO
DIRECT STAFF TO PROVIDE A MORE
TIMELY TIMELY UPDATES ONCE THE
NEW RFP HAS BEEN ISSUED.
MESSINA'S DATA DEADLINE BY
THREE MONTHS WITHOUT ANY
MEANINGFUL COMMUNICATION DOES
NOT BUILD TRUST AND IT DOES NOT
BUILD MUTUAL RESPECT WITHIN THE
COMMUNITY.
SO THANK YOU FOR YOUR ATTENTION
AND FREE PALESTINE.
>> THANK YOU SO ANGLE ELISABETH
ENGEL
.
THANK YOU.
I'M SO I'M REALLY NERVOUS
EVERYONE HAS SPOKEN SO WELL SO
I HOPE I CAN SORRY.
>> OK MY NAME IS ELIZABETH
ENGLE AND I CAME HERE TODAY TO
SPEAK IN FAVOR OF THE COURBET
SAFETY PROGRAM AND IN FAVOR
OF THE CEASE FIRE PROPOSAL ALSO
FIRST I WANT TO THANK THE
COUNCIL MEMBERS FOR VOTING YES
ON THE CEASEFIRE RESOLUTION AND
FOR STANDING ON THE RIGHT SIDE
OF HISTORY AND LISTENING TO
YOUR CONSTITUENTS.
I APPRECIATE YOUR STANCE IN
FAVOR OF HUMANITY BUT EVEN MORE
SO I WANT TO THANK THE
ORGANIZERS AND AMAZING SPEAKERS
WHO HAVE EXPRESSED SO WELL THE
HORRORS OF WHAT IS HAPPENING IN
PALESTINE NOT JUST IN THE LAST
THREE MONTHS BUT OVER THE LAST
YEAR BUT FOR OVER 70 YEARS AND
THEIR EFFORTS WERE NECESSARY TO
GET THIS PASSED AND I AGREE
THAT THIS SHOULD HAVE HAPPENED
SOONER AND THAT IT'S THE BARE
MINIMUM THAT WE CAN DO AND THAT
WE SHOULD NOT STOP HERE BUT
CONTINUE TO FIGHT FOR THE FULL
LIBERATION FOR PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE.
AND I ASK YOU ALL TO COMMIT
YOURSELF TO SUPPORT FULL
JUSTICE FOR PALESTINIANS.
REMEMBER THAT THERE WAS NO
CEASE FIRE ON OCTOBER 6TH AND
THAT THIS VIOLENCE HAS EXTENDS
ALL THE WAY BACK TO NINETEEN
FORTY EIGHT.
I ALSO WANT TO SAY THAT I FULLY
SUPPORT AND ENDORSE CAF SAFETY
AND I BELIEVE IT WILL FURTHER
RACIAL JUSTICE AND JUSTICE FOR
DISABLED PEOPLE AS WELL AS FOR
ALL OF THE RESIDENTS OF BANABA
.
AND I WANT THE CITY TO GO WITH
COURBET SAFETY NOT JUST BECAUSE
IT'S THE ONLY APPLICANT BECAUSE
IT'S THE BEST APPLICANT THAT WE
COULD IMAGINE FOR THIS REASON I
WAS REALLY DISAPPOINTED TO HEAR
ABOUT THE COUNCIL'S ACTIONS AND
I AM NOT JUST IN FAVOR OF ANY
UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE.
I ONLY CARE ABOUT SAFETY AND I
WISH THE CITY HAD NEGOTIATED
AND DISCUSSED WITH COURBET
SAFETY BECAUSE I KNOW IT'S
TERRIFYINGLY EASY FOR A
SUPPOSED REFORM TO REPRODUCE
THE SAME PATTERNS OF VIOLENCE
AND OPPRESSION AND MERELY
DISGUISE IT TO LOOK NICER WHICH
IS WHAT I BELIEVE WILL HAPPEN
IF THE PROGRAM IS IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED TO THE POLICE OR
OTHER ELEMENTS OF THE CARCERAL
STATE.
AND SINCE COURBET SAFETY IS NOT
CONNECTED IN THIS WAY, I TRUST
THAT IT WILL NOT DO THAT AND
RATHER PROMOTE REAL SAFETY,
JUSTICE AND TRANSFORMATIVE
CHANGE WHICH REQUIRES
IMAGINATION OF SOMETHING BETTER
,WHICH IS WHAT COURBET SAFETY
HAS DONE.
AND I JUST WANT TO SAY SOME
OTHER REASONS I SUPPORT THIS
FIRST I'M IMPRESSED BY ITS
IN-DEPTH RESEARCH AND I HEARD
YOU ALL TALK ABOUT CONSULTING
WITH EXPERTS COURBET SAFETY IS
THE EXPERTS WE'VE TALKED TO
ALMOST A HUNDRED MEMBERS OF OUR
COMMUNITY WHO HAVE DIRECT
EXPERIENCE WITH SYSTEMS
OF VIOLENCE AND OPPRESSION.
SECONDLY, THEY ARE SUPPORTED
AND IN PARTNERSHIP WITH SEVERAL
ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE BEEN
DOING WORK IN ANN ARBOR FOR
YEARS THAT I TRUST SUCH AS
MENTIONED IMMIGRANTS RIGHTS
CENTER, DETROIT JUSTICE CENTER
NATION OUTSIDE AND THEY ALSO
HAVE THE SUPPORT OF THE PRISON
CREATIVE ARTS PROJECT WHICH I'M
A PART OF A NUMBER FOR THE
ORGANIZATIONS I DON'T EVEN HAVE
TO SAY TIME TO SAY AND THERE
HAVE SEVERAL FEATURES IN THE
RESPONSE TO THE RFP THAT ARE
REALLY IMPORTANT SUCH AS
OBTAINING CONSENT BEFORE AND
WHEN PEOPLE THINK ABOUT WHAT WE
NEED AS AN ALTERNATIVE TO THE
POLICE.
I BELIEVE COURBET SAFETY IS
WHAT WE NEED.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER HAS BEEN
PORCHE
STRICKER'S PHONE NUMBER
NINE FIVE SEVEN PRESTER SIX
MUTE YOUR PHONE GO AHEAD
BEGINNING AT DENHA.
BUT WHAT ABOUT FOUR YEARS AND I
WANT TO EXPRESS MY
DISAPPOINTMENT IN THE
CANCELATION OF OUR PIECE FOR AN
UNARMED NON POLICE RESPONSE
PROGRAM DESPITE THE RESOLUTION
YOU PASSED THE I THINK THAT
YOUR ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN
YOUR WORDS WHEN YOU AGREE WITH
THE COUNCIL THAT ARE YOU
WITHOUT READING THE PROPOSAL
AND PAUL ARE CONSIDERING IT
PUBLICLY YOU HIDE BEHIND THE
ROLE OF THE CITY MANAGER AND
STAFF INSTEAD OF TAKING
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR YOUR ROLE IN
THIS PROCESS.
>> I'M DISAPPOINTED MANY OF YOU
ALTHOUGH IS SOME SORT
OF MISINFORMATION IN YOUR
COMMENTS TODAY I HEARD CITY
COUNCIL MEMBERS CONSIDER YOUR
OWN ROLE IN THIS INFORMATION
WHEN SOMETHING LIKE THIS RFE
THE COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT BUT
FOR THE QUITE UNCEREMONIOUSLY
COUNCIL IN A CLOSED SESSION
JUST DAYS BEFORE HOLIDAYS YET
MONTHS AFTER THE ORIGINAL
DEADLINE PEREGRINE'S THAT
REMAINS TOTALLY UNCLEAR AND NOT
PUBLICLY COMMUNICATED.
>> I URGE YOU TO RELEASE THE
NOTES FROM THE CLOSED MEETING
ABOUT CANCELING THIS PROPOSAL.
GREATER TRANSPARENCY FROM THE
COUNCIL MEMBERS WOULD CERTAINLY
HELP TO ALLEVIATE THE SO-CALLED
MISINFORMATION THAT IS
SUPPOSEDLY CIRCULATING BY
CALLING THE CITY COUNCIL
MEMBERS TO READ THE PROPOSAL
FROM CABINET TO TAKE
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR YOUR ROLE IN
GETTING THIS PROGRAM UP AND
RUNNING AFTER SO MANY YEARS
OF TIRELESS WORK BY PEOPLE
ACROSS THE COMMUNITY, I URGE
YOU TO BE ISSUE AND RFE
IMMEDIATELY THAT WILL ALLOW FOR
THE CREATION OF A SERVICE THAT
IS COMPLETELY INDEPENDENT FROM
THE POLICE WHICH IS ACCEPTABLE
FROM A NINE NINE ONE MEMBER
WHICH IS COMMUNITY LEVEL AND
COMMUNITY LEVEL.
THANK YOU.
THANKS TO YOU DALTON.
SHE SAID THANK YOU
.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS A BLOW
POLICE BLOW FROM NUMBER SIX FOR
ONE
OH GO AHEAD.
I WANT TO THINK THAT HOW COULD
THIS HAPPEN?
I AM AN EMPLOYEE OF THE BOARD
AND SO ORDER THEY KEEP
ESPECIALLY IN THE CASE
OF OCCURRED WITHIN OUR
DISTRICT.
THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE FIRST
STEP AND AS CHAIRMAN OF THE
COMMITTEE AND I WANT TO ECHO
OTHERS THAT ON THE LAW THAT IT
CANNOT BE THE END OF THE
CONVERSATION AND OUR TAXPAYERS
ARE STILL BEING DIVERTED AWAY
FROM OUR LOCAL COMMUNITIES TO
FUND WEAPONS THAT BORDERS THAT
THEY CAN'T BE THE END OF THE
CONVERSATION WHEN THE POLICE
ARE VIOLENTLY ARRESTING PEOPLE.
STUDENT PROTESTERS BY THE
UNIVERSITY FAILED TO DEFEND
THEM.
THIS MAKES IT EVEN MORE
ESSENTIAL TO IMPLEMENT SECURITY
SAFETY PROGRAM.
>> I WANT TO PUSH THAT HOSPITAL
TO HAVE TRANSPARENT
CONVERSATIONS ABOUT THE
CANCELATION AND TO READ THE
PROPOSAL FOR YOURSELF
.
>> YES.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
EKATARINA OLSEN SHIPYARD'S
SHIPYARD'S KE HELLO EVERYONE.
>> MY NAME IS KATYA AND I'M A
PROUD MEMBER OF THE ANN ARBOR
JEWISH COMMUNITY, A PHD STUDENT
AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
AND A CHAPTER OF THE CHAPTER
OF JEWISH SERVICE AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.
I WANT TO THANK THE CITY FOR
PASSING A RESOLUTION IN SUPPORT
OF A CEASE FIRE IN GAZA BUT I
WANT TO REITERATE THAT THIS IS
NOT ENOUGH.
IT IS UP TO EACH OF YOU TO
CONTINUE TO AMPLIFY THE CALL
FOR AN END TO THE GENOCIDE ON A
STATE AND INTERNATIONAL LEVEL.
I WANT TO STRESS THAT ONE THE
GENOCIDE IN PALESTINE IS A
LOCAL ISSUE THAT IS TOUCHING
THE LIVES OF OUR NEIGHBORS ARAB
MUSLIM, PALESTINIAN AND JEWISH
COMMUNITIES AND TO THAT
CONTINUING OUR CALL FOR AN END
TO THE GENOCIDE IS NOT
ANTI-SEMITIC.
SINCE OCTOBER 7TH ARBOR
RESIDENTS SPEAKING UP AGAINST
THE HORRIFIC SLAUGHTER
OF PALESTINIANS IN GAZA HAVE
BEEN FACED WITH AN ONSLAUGHT
OF SUPPRESSION.
STUDENT ORGANIZERS FOR THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN CHAPTER
FOR STUDENTS FOR JUSTICE IN
PALESTINE HAVE BEEN DOCKED.
FORTY ONE ANN ARBOR COMMUNITY
MEMBERS SEEKING TO SPEAK WITH
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN
PRESIDENT ABOUT DIVESTMENT FROM
ISRAEL HAVE BEEN ARRESTED.
AND THIS IS NOT EVEN TO MENTION
THE COUNTLESS RESIDENTS OF ANN
ARBOR WHO DEEP TIES TO
PALESTINE AND ARE WORRIED DAY
AND NIGHT ABOUT FRIENDS AND
FAMILY IN THE REGION OR THOSE
WHO MIGHT BE WORRIED FOR THEIR
OWN SAFETY AS INSTANCES OF ANTI
ARAB AND ANTI PALESTINIAN HATE
CRIMES ARE ON THE RISE
NATIONWIDE AND OUR COMMUNITIES
ARE HURTING.
THIS IS WHY IT IS UP TO THIS
COUNCIL TO AMPLIFY CALLS FOR
COURBET SAFETY AND TO CONTINUE
TO CALL FOR AN END TO THE
GENOCIDE ON THE STATE AND
NATIONAL LEVEL.
THIS BRINGS ME TO MY SECOND
POINT.
I KNOW THAT THIS COUNCIL HAS
BEEN TOLD THAT SUPPORTING A
CEASE FIRE IS ANTISEMITE AS A
JEW AND AS A SCHOLAR OF THE
HOLOCAUST, I AM HERE TO TELL
YOU UNEQUIVOCALLY THAT IT IS
NOT PALESTINIANS HAVE BEEN
DECADES AND DECADES CLARIFYING
THAT THEIR ADVOCACY IS AIMED AT
THE MURDEROUS GOVERNMENT
DISPLACING THEM FROM THEIR
HOMES AND KILLING THEIR LOVED
ONES NOT WITH JEWS AS A
COLLECTIVE AND JEWS OURSELVES
HAVE BEEN SAYING THE SAME THING
FOR AS LONG AS THE STATE
OF ISRAEL HAS EXISTED.
JEWISH AND ZIONISM IS AS OLD AS
THE ZIONIST MOVEMENT ITSELF.
IN NINETEEN TWENTY NINE THE
GENERAL JEWISH LABOR BOUND
PASSED A RESOLUTION CONDEMNING
ZIONISM.
MARK EDELMANN, LEADER OF THE
WARSAW GHETTO UPRISING AND
MEMBER OF THE PWNED, SPENT THE
DECADES AFTER THE HOLOCAUST
SPEAKING UP IN SOLIDARITY WITH
PALESTINIANS AND NOW THOUSANDS
AND THOUSANDS OF JEWS ARE
COMING INTO THE STREETS
SHOUTING FOR A CEASE FIRE
HOLOCAUST BY BARACK OBAMA
TOMORROW IN TWENTY FOURTEEN
FOLLOWING ANOTHER SERIES
OF ISRAELI ATTACKS AND WHAT
SHALL WE DO?
WE ORDINARY PEOPLE I PRAY WE
CAN LISTEN TO OUR HEARTS.
MY HEART TELLS ME THAT NEVER
AGAIN IS NOT A TRIBAL SLOGAN
THAT THE MURDER OF MY
GRANDPARENTS IN AUSCHWITZ DOES
NOT JUSTIFY THE ONGOING
DISCUSSION OF PALESTINIANS AND
TODAY JEWS STAND BEFORE YOU AND
SAY THE SAME THING.
WE KNOW THAT NEVER AGAIN MEANS
NEVER AGAIN FOR ANYONE.
ANTI ZIONISM IS A SACRED JEWISH
TRADITION.
MANY JEWS ALONGSIDE THEIR ARAB,
MUSLIM AND PALESTINIAN
NEIGHBORS ALL ACROSS THE GLOBE
ARE BEGGING THE WORLD FOR A
CEASE FIRE.
TONIGHT WE ASK THAT YOU ON CITY
COUNCIL PLEASE DO MORE TO
RECOGNIZE THOSE IN YOUR
COMMUNITY DOING THE SAME.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
SPEAKER IS MY NAME ON ELLEN OUR
NEXT SPEAKER IS ALEXA EISENBERG
.
THIS CALLER IS NOT ON THE PHONE
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS RIMA HELPED
TO
PRESENT OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
TARIQ
SCHOLARS AND SO CALLED
UPON LEARNING IN ONE ZERO ZERO.
>> GO AHEAD STARS.
>> GO AHEAD.
>> YES, WE CAN.
FIRST OF ALL, THANK YOU FOR
GETTING THE RESOLUTION.
I HAVE OTHER COMMENT BUT I
WOULD REFRAIN FROM TO BALL
BECAUSE YOU'VE ALREADY HIT THAT
POINT.
BUT I WANT TO GO BACK TO A FEW
THINGS FRUSTRATED.
I'M A LOCAL COMMUNITY ORGANIZER
LIVE AND WORK IN ANN ARBOR
AVAILABLE TO THE CITY FOR MANY
YEARS.
IN ADDITION REPRESENTING THE
CITY IN THE NATIONAL STADIUM,
PART OF THE MULTIPLE MAGAZINE I
READ FIRST AND FOREMOST JUST TO
CLARIFY FOR FOLKS WHO HAVE
DISAGREEMENTS WITH THE
RESOLUTION YOU PAT IS
APPROPRIATE FOR THE CALL TO
USING THE WEAPONRY UPON
INNOCENT PEOPLE BECAUSE I WOULD
LOVE TO DISCUSS THE END OF THE
OCCUPATION.
>> I UNDERSTAND WE'RE HERE FOR
TODAY AND SO FOR ANYBODY WHO
DOES ANYTHING MORE THAN THAT, I
WOULD ASK THEM TO RECONSIDER
AND DO MORE RESEARCH.
ANYONE WHO WHAT ABOUT THE
ALLEGATIONS ANTISEMITISM IS
ONLY HARMING OUR JEWISH
BRETHREN.
NOTHING IS MORE ANTI-SEMITIC
THAN ZIONISM IN THE WAYS IN
WHICH THE JEWISH PEOPLE AND
BODYS WHEN SPEAKING OF THE
EVENTS OF OCTOBER 7TH AS
SOMEBODY DECLARED TO BE A FIRST
PERSON PUBLIC COMMENT I WOULD
ASK THEM TO LEARN WHAT THE
HANDBOOK OF ACTIVITIES BY THE
ISRAELI OCCUPATION FORCES WHICH
BELIEVES THAT ISRAEL IS
ACTUALLY MORE USEFUL IN
PROPAGANDA THAN ANYTHING ELSE.
>> SO WITH THAT SAID, I WILL
SPEAK ABOUT MY MOTHER WHO HAS
BEEN ABLE TO GET OUT OF THAT
FOR A MONTH AND I WANTED TO
HEAR HER STORY IS A GUARDIAN
FOR THOSE WHO MAY NOT HAVE
HEARD THAT NARRATIVE YET.
MY MOTHER SAID I WAS BORN AND
RAISED IN THEY HAVE BEEN SO
DEVASTATED AND HEARTBROKEN OVER
THE DESTRUCTION, THE GENOCIDE
THAT IS TAKING PLACE THERE.
BUT ALL OF MY BROTHERS AND
SISTERS, NIECES AND NEPHEWS
WITH EACH MEMBER OF MY FAMILY
ALL BEEN DISPLACED.
I JUST ONCE EVERY FEW DAYS THE
SUFFERING IS UNBEARABLE.
AS YOU MUST KNOW BY NOW OVER
20000 PEOPLE HAVE BEEN KILLED
MORE THAN HALF CHILDREN.
THE NUMBER ONLY KEEPS RISING.
WE ARE NOT JUST NUMBERS.
>> WE ARE HUMAN BEINGS WHO
DESERVE TO LIVE FOR LIFE.
LIFE NOT ONLY THE COLLECTIVE
IMPACT OF U.S. TAXPAYER FUNDED
ALSO SURVIVE STARVATION.
WHAT IS THE POSITION OF ILLNESS
?
ONE OF MY BROTHERS IS IN A
WHEELCHAIR TO ABOUT SURGERIES
THAT NEVER HAPPENED OR WERE NOT
FOR THE LIMITATION OF MOVEMENT
AND ACCESS TO MEDICAL CARE
BECAUSE OF A 20 YEAR SIEGE ON
GAZA, CAREGIVERS NOW LIVE IN
FREEZING A QUARTER SUFFERING
AND NOT KNOWING WHAT WILL WAIT
30 SECONDS TO LEAVE IF YOU WISH
SHE HAD MET SOMEONE AND BECAUSE
OF THAT THEY NEVER PROPERLY
TREATED HER LIKE THE PEOPLE WHO
HAVE RECEIVED THE EMERGENCY
CARE BECAUSE OF SNIPERS
AWAITING THEM AT EACH CORNER
AND NO HOSPITALS REMAINING
STANDING IN THE AREA.
SHE WAS UNABLE TO GET
CONDOLENCES ON UNABLE TO GET
INVOLVED WITH THE HUSBAND AND
THE CHILDREN, HER NIECES AND
NEPHEWS.
THEY WERE NOT ASKING FOR
ANYTHING BUT CEASEFIRE.
BUT YOU ARE RIGHT TO SAY THEY
WERE GOING TO LOOK RESOLUTION
ON THE STAGE OF TWO WONDERFUL.
THE WORLD IS MADE UP OF TIME.
ARE I MADE OF THE WORLD?
THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE STAND
AND THE GRATEFUL TO YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS AARON
MARIOTTI AARON MERICI OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS ELIZABETH AND THIS
IS ON SO CALL HER THE PHONE
NUMBER AND AGAIN THREE THREE
SIX CRESTAR SIX MEET YOUR PHONE
.
GO AHEAD.
>> HI.
I THINK COUNCIL MEMBERS GOT THE
ADMIN AND COUNCIL MEMBER FOR
SPONSORING THE CEASEFIRE
RESOLUTION.
I APPRECIATE YOUR COMMITMENT TO
PEACE.
I WILL KEEP IT SHORT BECAUSE
WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY WAS TO
URGE THE COUNCIL TO PASS THIS
RESOLUTION LIKE OTHER THINGS
THAT I WOULD PURCHASES TO BE
ONLY AN INITIAL ACTION AND
DIVESTMENT FURTHER ACTION AND
PROTECT YOUR COMMUNITY AND
CALLING ON OFFICIALS AT THE
FEDERAL LEVEL.
>> THANK YOU FOR THIS ACTION
TONIGHT.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS YOUR MAN
TODAY.
>> HELLO.
GOOD EVENING EVERYBODY.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE
OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK TODAY.
FIRST.
WELL OBVIOUSLY THANK YOU SO
MUCH FOR PASSING THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION.
IT OBVIOUSLY MEANS A LOT TO SO
MANY IN OUR COMMUNITY WHO ARE
PERSONALLY AFFECTED AND AS WE
AS I SAID LAST TIME THAT I HAD
THE OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK, GAZA
IS A LOCAL ISSUE.
SO THANK YOU SO MUCH THAT MEANS
A LOT AND IT'S A IS A VERY
HOPEFUL MOMENT AND I WAS
WORRIED HONESTLY UNFORTUNATELY
I SHOULDN'T HAVE BEEN AND I'M
GLAD IT DIDN'T COME TO FRUITION
BUT I WAS WORRIED ABOUT THE
ALTERNATIVE.
I THOUGHT THAT WOULD BE A
REALLY DARK DAY FOR NABIL.
I AS YOU KNOW, I'M A LIFELONG
NABIL RESIDENT AND YOU KNOW,
EXTRA PROUD TO BE FROM THE CITY
OF TODAY.
ALSO PALESTINIAN ONE OF MANY
LOCAL PALESTINIANS WHO LIVE
HERE WE ARE YOUR NEIGHBORS,
YOUR DOCTORS, BUSINESS OWNERS,
COLLEAGUES, FRIENDS AND YOUR
CONSTITUENTS.
ONE THING I WANT TO EMPHASIZE
YOU KNOW WHAT IS YOU KNOW,
UNFORTUNATELY WHAT PALESTINIANS
WERE ONLY REALLY COME TO
ATTENTION IN THE MEDIA WHEN
THERE'S A CRISIS GOING ON.
SEEMS LIKE EVERY TIME WE TALK
ABOUT PALESTINIANS FOR CEASE
FIRE, YOU KNOW STUFF YOU KNOW
THAT LET'S GIVE AID TO
PALESTINIANS.
LET'S STOP THE KILLING
OF PALESTINIANS.
BUT WHAT IS THE PALESTINIAN
STORY YOU WHY AM I EVEN HERE
TODAY?
WHY WHY WHY AM I IN AMERICA?
WHY YOU KNOW WHAT IS THE STORY
OF SO MANY PALESTINIANS AND YOU
KNOW, THERE'S NOT REALLY THAT
MANY OF US THERE'S ABOUT 12 TO
14 MILLION PALESTINIANS AROUND
THE WORLD AND MORE THAN HALF
OF THEM ARE ARE REFUGEES.
THEY'RE OUT OF THEIR HOMES MORE
OF MORE THAN HALF
OF PALESTINIANS LIVE OUTSIDE
OF PALESTINE AND ARE NOT
ALLOWED TO GO BACK.
YOU KNOW, MOST OF MY FAMILY
CANNOT
GO BACK AND NOT EVEN
VISIT THEIR HOMELAND.
MY GRANDMA WHO WAS A REFUGEE IN
1948 STILL ALIVE, STILL DREAMS
OF GOING BACK TO YAFFA AND
SHE'S UNABLE TO SO YOU KNOW,
MOST PALESTINIANS ARE REFUGEES
AND THEN THE OTHER PALESTINIANS
JUST LIVE IN TERRIBLE
SITUATIONS.
I MEAN 20 PERCENT OF THE
PALESTINIAN POPULATION ALMOST
AS LIVING IN GAZA RIGHT NOW AS
UNDER A POTENTIAL GENOCIDE, YOU
KNOW, AS I'M SURE HAS BEEN
MENTIONED IS YOU KNOW, THERE
THERE'S HEARINGS GOING ON TODAY
ABOUT WHETHER THIS IS A
GENOCIDE.
THE INTERNATIONAL COURT OF YOU
KNOW, ONE ADDITIONAL POINT I
WANTED TO MENTION IS OUTSIDE
OF THE PALESTINIAN STORY IS I
HAVE FAMILY MEMBERS WHO ARE IN
GAZA NOW.
MY FATHER STEPMOM AND THREE
SISTERS LIVING IN GAZA WHO I'VE
BEEN UNABLE TO HELP.
I'VE WORKED WITH SEVERAL CITY
COUNCIL MEMBERS WHO HAVE BEEN
VERY HELPFUL, PARTICULARLY
COUNCILMAN EDWYN AND HAVE
TALKED TO DEBBIE DINGELL, HAVE
MET WITH STAFFERS FROM SENATOR
PETER'S OFFICE AND REALLY
NOBODY HAS BEEN ABLE YOU KNOW,
THERE'S NO SENSE OF URGENCY
HIGHER.
SO THIS IS ALSO ASKING FOR HELP
FOR FROM THE CITY COUNCIL ANY
CONNECTIONS YOU HAVE TO THE
WHITE HOUSE TO THE GOVERNORS
OFFICE, ANYTHING TO PUSH MY
FAMILY AND OTHER FAMILIES
STORIES FORWARD TO HELP
GENERATE THAT SENSE OF URGENCY
TO HELP THEM.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS SCIENCE
FAIR.
THIS COLUMN IS ON JUNE COLOR
THE PHONE NUMBER FOUR FOUR
EIGHT STAR SIX FROM YOUR PHONE
GO AHEAD AND I WANT TO SEE YOU
A CEASE FIRE EVOLUTION AS A
JEWISH MEMBER OF THIS COMMUNITY
,I THINK THIS IS A MUCH NEEDED
FACT AND I'M NOT A VERY LATE
THAT BUT I WANT TO EMPHASIZE
THAT THE JEWISH FEDERATION
OF GREATER ANN ARBOR DOES NOT
SPEAK FOR ALL JEWISH PEOPLE IN
THIS COMMUNITY.
I URGE THIS COUNCIL TO CONTINUE
TO LISTEN TO THE JEWISH VOICES
IN THE COMMUNITY WHO ARE
SPEAKING IN SOLIDARITY WITH
PALESTINIAN, ARAB AND MUSLIM
COMMUNITY MEMBERS ADVOCATING
FOR PALESTINIAN PEOPLE'S HUMAN
RIGHTS.
DIGNITY AND SAFETY IS NOT IN
FACT POPULAR.
>> THE REVOLUTION IS NOT IN
FACT EMETIC.
>> I CONTINUE TO THINK ABOUT
THE WAY THAT WE CONTRIBUTE
FINANCIALLY TO AN APARTHEID
STATE CURRENTLY COMMITTING
GENOCIDE.
>> ASKED THE COUNCIL TO KEEP
YOUR EYES OPEN, THE POLICE IN
ANN ARBOR AND ADMINISTRATION AT
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN ARE
TAKING EXTREME MEASURES TO
SUPPRESS THE VOICES OF ITS
STUDENTS WHO ARE ADVOCATING FOR
THE HUMAN RIGHTS AND SAFETY
OF BOTH PALESTINIAN AND JEWISH
PEOPLE.
PEACEFUL PROTEST HAVE BEEN MET
WITH VIOLENCE FROM POLICE.
>> WE'RE TALKING ABOUT 17, 18,
19 AND 20 YEAR OLD BEING THAT
WITH BLOCKADES AND MORE
CONTINUE TO TAKE PLACE.
FURTHERMORE, I WANT TO EXPRESS
THAT IN FAVOR OF THE ORDINANCE
THAT WILL THAT THAT WILL CHANGE
OR REFORM THESE CONTRACTORS.
CAN I ASK ABOUT AN APPLICANT'S
CRIMINAL HISTORY UNTIL A JOB
OFFER IS MADE?
I SUPPORT THIS EFFORT TO REDUCE
RECIDIVISM AND INCREASE
REHABILITATE EFFORTS FOR
PREVIOUSLY INCARCERATED PEOPLE
HERE IN OUR CITY AND TO SUPPORT
THE CREATION OF AN ONLINE
RESPONSE PROGRAM AND BELIEVE
THAT CANNABIS SAFETY IS THE
RIGHT PROGRAM TO SUPPORT THIS
EFFORT.
ALL OF THE COUNCIL WILL MEET
WILL LISTEN TO THOSE WHO HAVE
SPOKEN TODAY ABOUT THE
IMPORTANCE OF TRANSPARENCY AND
COMMUNITY BASED SOLUTION.
THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
PLAINCLOTHESMEN.
>> I'M VERY GRATEFUL TONIGHT TO
THE HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE HUNDREDS
OF PEOPLE IN ANN ARBOR WHO CAME
AND FILLED THIS ROOM TO
CAPACITY.
THIS ROOM ONLY HOLDS ONE
HUNDRED AND FIVE PEOPLE AND
FILLED THE DOWNSTAIRS TO
CAPACITY AND MADE THIS THING
HAPPEN.
A CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION
TERRIBLY NEEDED AS MANY
SPEAKERS HAVE POINTED OUT, IT'S
THE BARE BARE MINIMUM, JUST A
RESOLUTION THAT SAYS STOP
BOMBING THE BARE MINIMUM.
I'M GLAD IT PASSED BUT IT'S A
BARE MINIMUM AS KATYA HAS SAID
AND JILL AND ELISABETH AND
OTHERS LET ME EMPHASIZE THAT I
SPEAK FOR MYSELF ONLY I DON'T
SPEAK FOR PALESTINIANS.
I SPEAK ONLY FOR MYSELF BUT
SPEAKING FOR MYSELF I HOPE VERY
MUCH AS OTHER SPEAKERS HAVE
SAID THAT A CITY COUNCIL WILL
BE ABLE TO OPEN ITS EARS AND
EYES AND ITS HEARTS TO A
RESOLUTION AGAINST MILITARY AID
TO ISRAEL IN 2003 THE ANN ARBOR
HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION ASKED
THE ANN ARBOR CITY COUNCIL TO
PASS A RESOLUTION AGAINST
MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL WAY BACK
IN 2000 AND THREE AND I HOPE
NOW AFTER 20 YEARS OF MASS
MURDERS AGAINST THE PALESTINIAN
PEOPLE 20 YEARS OF BLOOD
FLOWING LIKE RIVERS OUT
OF PALESTINIAN AFTER 20 YEARS
THAT THIS CITY COUNCIL WILL
QUICKLY APPROVE A RESOLUTION
OPPOSING MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL
OBJET TO MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL
SAYING WE DON'T WANT MILITARY
AID TO ISRAEL BECAUSE OTHERWISE
YOU GET ANOTHER THIRTY THOUSAND
DEAD PALESTINIANS IN THE NEXT
FEW MONTHS AND THEN ANOTHER 30
THOUSAND DEAD PALESTINIANS A
FEW MONTHS AFTER THAT.
I THINK THE CITY COUNCIL WHICH
IS LOADED WITH ADVANCED DEGREES
CAN SEE THAT AND AGAIN, I THANK
THE HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE WHO CAME
IN HERE TONIGHT FILLED THIS
ROOM AND FILLED THE DOWNSTAIRS
AND MADE THIS FIRST RESOLUTION
TO HAPPEN FOR CEASE FIRE.
AND I HOPE VERY MUCH I HOPE
VERY MUCH THAT PEOPLE WILL FEEL
INSPIRED TO DO THE SAME ON
MONDAY, JANUARY 22ND AT THE
NEXT CITY COUNCIL MEETING AND
AT THE FOLLOWING CITY COUNCIL
MEETINGS UNTIL THE CITY COUNCIL
FINALLY DOES WHAT IT SHOULD
HAVE DONE 20 YEARS AGO AND SAYS
YES, YES, WE CAN DO THIS A
RESOLUTION THAT SAYS WE ARE
AGAINST MILITARY AID TO ISRAEL
THAT'S NOT ASKING MUCH AS AS
THE MAYOR POINTED OUT EARLIER,
THE CITY COUNCIL HAS DONE
SIMILAR THINGS BEFORE.
>> THANK YOU.
THE NEXT SPEAKER IS KAZMI MONDI
HIGH AS SOMEONE WITH FAMILY IN
GAZA, I WANT TO THANK YOU ALL
FOR THE RESOLUTION PASSED
TONIGHT AND I WANT TO
ESPECIALLY EXTEND MY GRATITUDE
TO COUNCIL MEMBER GHAZI EDWYN
AS WELL AS CANCER COUNCIL
MEMBERS BRAKE'S SONG AND
ACKMANN FOR COSPONSORING THIS
INITIATIVE.
THANK YOU FOR LISTENING TO US.
WITH EMPATHY AND GOODWILL AS
DIFFICULT AS THESE
CONVERSATIONS HAVE BEEN AND
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO SPENT
LONG HOURS ADVOCATING FOR PEACE
AND JUSTICE DESPITE UNIMAGINED
PAIN AS WE SPEAK HIGH SCHOOL
STUDENTS IN MOCK U.N.
COMMITTEES AT U OF M.
S ANNUAL MODEL U.N. CONFERENCE
ARE ALSO WORKING LATE INTO THE
NIGHT RESPONDING TO CRISES
AFFECTING OUR GLOBAL COMMUNITY
AND CRAFTING AND PASSING
RESOLUTIONS THAT SERVE PUBLIC
INTEREST.
I BRING THIS UP BECAUSE AS A
STUDENT AT U OF AND SOON TO BE
STUDENT TEACHER AND OUR PUBLIC
SCHOOLS I'M TO ENCOURAGE
STUDENTS TO POSITION THEMSELVES
AS EXPERTS IN THE DISCIPLINES
THEY ENGAGE IN.
>> WE TEACH STUDENTS TO IMAGINE
A MORE JUST EQUITABLE FUTURE AS
THOUGH THEY ARE REAL DELEGATES
.
THE DECISIONS THAT WE MAKE IN
THESE CHAMBERS WITH REAL
ELECTED REPRESENTATIVES AFFIRM
OUR STUDENTS BELIEF THAT WE
HAVE THE POWER TO INFORM PUBLIC
POLICY AND TO RESPOND TO
INJUSTICE AND WHATEVER SHAPE IT
TAKES MOVING FORWARD I URGE YOU
TO NOT UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER
OF STANDING FOR TRUTH AND THE
POWER OF COLLECTIVE ACTION.
I DON'T SEE THIS AS OUT OF A
SENSE OF IDEALISM OR NAIVETE
BUT OUT OF CONVICTION BASED ON
AN OBSERVABLE REALITY.
THIS RESOLUTION WAS PASSED
BECAUSE ENOUGH STUDENTS AND
COMMUNITY MEMBERS WHO CARE
INCLUDING ONES ON THIS COUNCIL
RECOGNIZE THE RESPONSIBILITY TO
TAKE ACTION.
WE WILL CONTINUE TO CALL FOR
AND SUPPORT RESOLUTIONS AND
ORDINANCES THAT CALL FOR
JUSTICE EVERYWHERE AND FOR THE
SAFETY OF PEACE ACTIVISTS ON
CAMPUS AND AT SCHOOL.
TO MY EARLIER POINT, THE
EVIDENCE BROUGHT FORTH TO THE
INTERNATIONAL COURT OF JUSTICE
INCLUDES VIDEOS AND POSTS THAT
HAVE BEEN CIRCULATING ON SOCIAL
MEDIA AMPLIFY BY THE SEEMINGLY
PASSIVE MOTIONS OF LIKING OR
COMMENTING OR REPOSTING OR
SHARING.
WE HAVE AN ACTIVE ROLE TO PLAY
IN RESPONSE TO INJUSTICE AND
EVERY ACTION COUNTS.
>> WE HOPE THAT YOU'LL CONTINUE
COLLABORATING WITH US ACTUALIZE
OUR SHARED VISION OF COLLECTIVE
LIBERATION.
WE HAVE A LOT OF WORK TO DO.
>> OK, THANK YOU RABBI
BARBEQUING.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS CHRISTINE
BOOZA
.
THANK YOU.
I WANT TO THANK THE COUNCIL FOR
VOTING GETTING CLOSER
.
THANK YOU.
I WANT TO THANK THE COUNCIL FOR
VOTING YES ON THIS RESOLUTION
TONIGHT.
I WANT TO THANK THOSE WHO
PROPOSED AND AUTHORED IT AND
THOSE WHO CO-SPONSORED IT AS
WELL.
UM, I FEEL THAT IT IS THE BARE
MINIMUM AND I FEEL THAT IT TOOK
COUNCIL A LITTLE WHILE TO WORK
THEIR WAY AROUND TO IT.
BUT YOU CAME DOWN ON THE WRONG
ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF HISTORY,
NOT THE WRONG SIDE OF HISTORY.
I WAS AFRAID THAT MAYBE WE
MIGHT LOSE BUT I MEAN THANKS TO
GOD YOU CAME DOWN ON THE RIGHT
SIDE OF HISTORY.
>> I'D LIKE TO SHARE SOMETHING
WITH YOU TODAY.
I GROW UP I GREW UP IN A CHURCH
THAT TOOK A ZIONIST
PERSPECTIVE.
I GREW UP BEING TAUGHT THAT
ISRAEL WAS A SHINING STAR
OF DEMOCRACY IN THE MIDDLE
EAST.
I NEVER HEARD OF PALESTINE OR
ARABIC PHILISTINE EXCEPT FOR
THE THE VERSES OF THE
PHILISTINES AND THE BIBLE.
>> I'M OLDER THAN A LOT
OF PEOPLE IN HERE AND WHEN I
WENT TO HIGH SCHOOL IN MY WORLD
CULTURES CLASS MUHAMMAD MUSLIMS
WERE CALLED MOHAMMEDANS.
I READ AVIDLY.
I READ ALMOST EVERY BOOK IN MY
LIBRARY.
I READ SO MUCH ABOUT THE
HOLOCAUST I COULD TELL YOU SO
MUCH ABOUT IT.
I RELATED TO THE STORY OF THE
JEWISH PEOPLE AND THEIR
SUFFERING.
I WAS PRO CIVIL RIGHTS.
I WAS PRO NATIVE AMERICAN
RIGHTS, PRO ENVIRONMENT, PRO
RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES
EVERYWHERE BUT I HAD NEVER
HEARD OF PALESTINE AND THEN I
WENT TO COLLEGE AND I STARTED
LEARNING THINGS IN MORE WAYS
THAN ONE.
ONE DAY I WAS TALKING TO A
COWORKER AND I ASKED HIM WHERE
WAS HE FROM AND HE SAID I'M
FROM LEBANON.
AND I SAID OH OK.
YEAH YEAH.
>> AND HE SAID AND THIS IS MY
FRIEND OVER HERE.
HE'S FROM PALESTINE.
WELL, I TOOK PRIDE IN MY
KNOWLEDGE OF GEOGRAPHY.
I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE PALESTINE
WAS.
I SAID PALESTINE.
>> HE SAID YEAH, THAT'S SOUTH
OF LEBANON.
I SAID NO, THAT'S ISRAEL.
AND THAT'S WHEN I FIRST STARTED
LEARNING ABOUT PALESTINE.
>> IF I AT THAT TIME COULD
LEARN THERE ARE SO MANY PEOPLE
WHO STILL NEED TO LEARN.
>> THERE IS SO MUCH THAT ISN'T
KNOWN REALLY AND I JUST WOULD
LIKE TO SHARE A FEW SOURCES I
HAVE FOUND TO BE USEFUL IN
CONVERSATIONS WITH PEOPLE SO
THAT IT'LL BE ON THE PUBLIC
RECORD JUST A FEW SOURCES TO
LEARN A LITTLE BIT MORE AS A
TEACHER I LIKE THIS ONE ONE
HUNDRED FOR ROAD IT'S UNDER
TWELVE MINUTES.
IT'S A VIDEO THAT'S MADE LIKE A
SKIT AND THEN YOU HAVE ALL
THESE OTHERS STONE-COLD JUSTICE
,SOME WEBSITES THAT ARE
WONDERFUL AND THESE FOLKS THEY
CALLED ME A LIONESS AND SOME
ACADEMIC BOOKS HERE THEY'LL BE
ON THE RECORD BECAUSE I THINK
YOU GUYS KNOW HOW TO TAKE
SCREENSHOTS.
THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS MOJA
UNSOLVABLE YOU SO FUNNY
TO ALL
THE STUDENTS, TEACHERS,
PROFESSORS, DOCTORS, LAWYERS,
ENGINEERS WHO FILL THESE
CHAMBERS WEEK AFTER WEEK AND
FORCED THIS CITY COUNCIL TO
PASS THE BARE MINIMUM
RESOLUTION CEASE FIRE IN GAZA.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
IT WAS LONG DO IT TOOK A VERY
LONG TIME.
IT IS THE BARE MINIMUM.
IT IS A VICTORY FOR THE PEOPLE
AND FOR THE STUDENTS AND I
THANK YOU FOR IT.
THANK YOU.
>> I WILL TELL YOU A LITTLE BIT
ABOUT GAZA RIGHT NOW.
ONE PERCENT OF GAZANS HAVE BEEN
KILLED IF THE ONSLAUGHT
OF ISRAELI ATTACK WAS IN THE
UNITED STATES THAT WOULD HAVE
MEANT THREE MILLION AND THREE
HUNDRED THOUSAND
DEAD AMERICANS.
IT WOULD HAVE MEANT TWELVE
MAYBE FOURTEEN MILLION WOUNDED
AMERICANS.
IMAGINE WHAT THAT MEANS IN THE
WEALTHIEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD
YOU GIVE THE MEDICAL SYSTEM 12
13 MILLION WOUNDED PEOPLE AND
CRUSH THE SYSTEM WILL COLLAPSE
.
YOU PALESTINIANS ARE FIGHTING
HARD TO RESIST AND BE WINNING.
MAKE NO MISTAKE BY WINNING MANY
OF THEM ARE DYING.
MANY OF THEM ARE UNDER RUBBLE
BUT WINNING ANYBODY WHO WOKE UP
THREE IN THE MORNING AND
WATCHED THE ICJ INTERNATIONAL
COURT OF JUSTICE WOULD SAY THAT
PALESTINIANS HAVE ALREADY WON
BUT WILL BE ANOTHER MEETING
TONIGHT STARTS AT THREE THIRTY
HAGUE TIME.
I BELIEVE EVERYONE TO BE UP AND
WATCH IT SO I AM MANY THINGS
ABOUT GAZA.
WHAT THEIR LIFE EXPECTANCY IS
IN GAZA IN TWENTY TWENTY TWO
LIFE EXPECTANCY IN GAZA WAS
SEVENTY SIX YEARS OF AGE.
WHAT IS THE LIFE EXPECTANCY
OF ADULTS IN AMERICA ONLY ONE
YEAR MORE HAS LIVED UNDER A
BRUTAL OCCUPATION FOR SEVENTY
FIVE YEARS IT HAS ENDURED
UNBELIEVABLE TORTURE AND
BLOCKADE FOR SIXTEEN YEARS YET
ITS PEOPLE LIVE WITH THAT.
>> WHAT IS THE LATEST RATE IN
GAZA?
NINETY SEVEN PERCENT AMONG THE
ADULTS?
WHAT'S THE LITERACY RATE IN THE
UNITED STATES?
SEVENTY NINE PERCENT OF THEM
TELL YOU THAT PEOPLE ABOUT THE
HISTORY OF RESISTANCE AND THEY
WILL TELL YOU THEY TALK ABOUT
EDUCATION AND THEY CARE ABOUT
HEALTH CARE.
>> AND I AM HERE TO TELL YOU
METADATA CAME HERE BECAUSE
AMERICANS BEEN AS MUCH
EDUCATION HEALTH CARE AS THE
PEOPLE OF GAZA.
THANK TO SAY THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS EILEEN
FRIEDE
.
I'M EILEEN REID.
I'M TWENTY FIVE YEAR RESIDENT
OF ANN ARBOR AND I WANT TO
BEGIN BY THANKING MEMBERS
OF THE CITY COUNCIL,
PARTICULARLY COUNCIL MEMBERS.
YOU SHOULD AGAIN FOR THE HOURS
I'VE SPENT CONSULTING THE
STAKEHOLDERS TO DRAFT A
RESOLUTION THEY HOPE BECAUSE
MEMBERS OF THE COMMUNITY TO
FEEL HEARD AND SEEN I'M
GRATEFUL FOR THAT PROMISE AND
GENUINE CONCERN IN CRAFTING A
BALANCED EVEN RESOLUTION
FOCUSED ON PEACE FOR ALL EVEN
AS I CONTINUE TO BELIEVE THAT
THIS IS NOT THE ROLE OF OUR
CITY COUNCIL IN SPITE OF MY
APPRECIATION FOR THEIR WORK AND
DEDICATION, I'M ANGRY.
I'M ANGRY THAT OUR LOCAL
LAWMAKERS HAVE UTILIZED MANY,
MANY HOURS OF THEIR VALUABLE
TIME APPRECIATIVE BUT THEY TOOK
THIS RESOLUTION BECAUSE WHILE
IT HAS BECOME A LOCAL ISSUE,
THIS RESOLUTION WILL NOT SAVE
LIVES AND WILL NOT HAVE A
TANGIBLE IMPACT ON LOCAL
CITIZENS IN THE CITY COUNCIL
DOES HAVE CONTROL OVER AND IT
DOESN'T HAVE A TANGIBLE IMPACT
ON LOCAL CITIZENS, LEAF BLOWERS
AND HOUSING AND IMPROVING OUR
ROADS AND ELECTRIFICATION AND
SUPPORT SERVICES.
THESE ARE THE CONVERSATIONS WE
SHOULD BE PUSHING OUR COUNCIL
MEMBERS TO HAVE.
I'M BY THE BEHAVIOR OF MANY
PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN ATTENDING
THESE MEETINGS BECAUSE THE VAST
MAJORITY OF PEOPLE WHO I HAVE
HEARD CALLING FOR A CEASE FIRE
HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO BRING
THEMSELVES TO QUIET THE
INHUMANITY OF HAMAS'S TERROR
ATTACK ON OCTOBER SEVEN HERE IN
OVER THE PAST MONTH PEOPLE HAVE
BLAMED THE VICTIMS FOR BEING
OCCUPIERS AND PUTTING BABIES
AND THEIR HOSTAGES AND SAID
THAT ALLEGATIONS OF SEXUAL
VIOLENCE AND THE INCREDIBLE
LACK OF EMPATHY DEMONSTRATED
OVER THE PAST MONTH AND EVEN
THIS LATE EVENING IS DEEPLY
HURTFUL AND MAKES ALL COMMUNITY
MEMBERS FEEL UNSAFE.
I AM SICK AND TIRED OF THE
ANTI-SEMITIC RHETORIC SPEWED
THESE MEETINGS.
I'VE BEEN TOLD THAT I AM
SILENCING PEOPLE BECAUSE I DO
NOT THINK LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL
BODIES SHOULD OPINE ON
INTERNATIONAL ISSUES.
YOU KNOW SILENCING AND
EVERYTHING IS ISRAEL A
RECOGNIZED MEMBER OF THE UNITED
NATIONS, THE JEWISH STATE AS IT
IS AND MANY OF US HAVE FAMILY
AND FRIENDS CONSTANTLY SAID
DESCRIBE YOUR OCCUPATION AND
SHOOTING FROM THE RIVER TO THE
SEA POPULATION CITY COUNCIL CAN
SPEAK AT AN ANTI-SEMITIC RACIST
ISLAMOPHOBIC ENTIRELY LGBTQ
RHETORIC IS USED AT THESE
MEETINGS AND CAN ALSO PROTECT
CITIZENS FROM SOME OF THE
OUTRAGEOUS BEHAVIOR THAT HAS
BEEN PRESENT IN THESE CHAMBERS.
THIS WILL HAVE AN IMPACT ON
LOCAL CITIZENS.
I'M ANGRY BECAUSE FOR 20 YEARS
THIS CITY WITH LARGE HAS STOOD
BY WHILE ANTISEMITE HAVE ARREST
JEWS GOING TO WORSHIP ON THEIR
SABBATH THIS RACE BECAUSE
OF THE JEWISH COMMUNITIES.
IT'S AN OBVIOUS PROBLEM.
I THINK WE CAN ALL GET A WHOLE
LOT MORE CREATIVE ABOUT HOW WE
ADDRESS IT.
THANK YOU.
THIS IS SOMETHING WHICH IMPACTS
LOCAL CITIZENS AND WHICH CITY
COUNCIL AS YOU THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ACUIL.
HELLO MY NAME IS DAVID EZEKIEL
EREIRA.
I'M A WARD FIVE RESIDENT AND A
JEWISH MEMBER OF THE ANN ARBOR
COMMUNITY
.
I'D LIKE TO THANK COUNCIL
MEMBERS GHAZI EDWYN AND BRIGG'S
FOR PROPOSING A CEASEFIRE
RESOLUTION AND THE COUNCIL AT
LARGE FOR PASSING IT NEARLY ONE
HUNDRED DAYS IN A CALL FOR
CEASE FIRE CERTAINLY NEEDED BUT
WE NEED TO STEP UP TO TRULY
MAKE THIS A SAFE COMMUNITY FOR
ALL THE AMOUNT
OF DEHUMANIZATION
OF PALESTINIANS, ARABS AND
MUSLIMS NECESSARY FOR IT TO
TAKE OVER THIRTY THOUSAND
DEATHS FOR A CEASEFIRE
RESOLUTION TO BE SAFE TO PASS
IN THIS PROGRESSIVE CITY IS
ASTOUNDING.
I HEARD MEMBERS OF THIS BODY
EXPRESSED RELUCTANCE TO DIVIDE
THIS COMMUNITY AND I'D LIKE TO
SPEAK ABOUT THAT OUR
PALESTINIAN MUSLIM AND ARAB
BROTHERS AND SISTERS ARE FORCED
TO PAY TAXES THAT GO TO
MILITARY FUNDING TO ISRAEL THAT
IS CURRENTLY ENGAGING IN
GENOCIDE THAT FUNDS AN
INCREASINGLY MILITARIZED POLICE
FORCE THAT HAS DISPROPORTIONATE
TO BE REPRESSED AND OUR
RESIDENTS DEMONSTRATING FOR
PEACE.
HOW DOES IT AFFORD THEM?
THE DIGNITY ALL AND RIGHTS ARE
ENTITLED TO IS THAT NOT
DIVISIVE?
WE CAN AND MUST GO FROM WAR TO
ACTION.
WE MUST DIVEST FROM THE ISRAELI
WAR MACHINE SUPPORT SAFETY
PROGRAM, COMMUNICATE WITH STATE
LEVEL LEADERS TO HELP DOCTOR
SAID HIS FAMILY OUT OF GAZA AND
CONVEY TO REPRESENTATIVE OUR
DESIRE THAT SHE SIGNS H.R.
SEVEN EIGHTY SIX I WANT TO LIVE
IN AND ANN ARBOR THAT VALUES
OUR ENTIRE COMMUNITY.
I SAW US TAKE A STEP IN THAT
DIRECTION TONIGHT AND I ASK
THAT YOU CONTINUE.
>> THANK YOU
.
>> HELLO.
I'M HERE TODAY FROM WARD TWO.
I CAME HERE TO ASK YOU ALL TO
PASS THE CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION
AND I'M SO EXCITED THIS HAS
HAPPENED.
I WANT TO RECOGNIZE
COUNCILPERSONS SONG FROM WARD
TWO FOR WORKING ON IT AND FOR
VOTING YES AND COUNCILPERSON
OFTEN FOR VOTING YES ON IT AS
WELL.
I ALSO WANT TO RECOGNIZE THAT
THIS LITERALLY WOULD NOT HAVE
HAPPENED WITHOUT WEEKS
OF SLEEPLESS NIGHTS FOR THE
ORGANIZERS PUTTING TOGETHER A
LANGUAGE COMMUNITY BUILDING AND
TALKING TO COUNCIL MEMBERS AND
A HUGE CONGRATS TO THEM ALL.
I ALSO WANT TO THANK THEM FOR
PROVIDING FOOD AND CAMARADERIE
THROUGHOUT THE PROCESS FOR
EVERYONE INVOLVED AND THERE'S A
LOT MORE TO BE DONE AND WE ARE
HERE TO DO IT INCLUDING ENDING
FUNDING TO ISRAEL AND THEIR
GENOCIDE AND ENDING
DISCRIMINATION AND RACIST
HARASSMENT OF OUR STUDENTS AND
COMMUNITY MEMBERS AS A SIDE AS
A AND OUR I SPECIFICALLY WANT
TO CALL ISRAEL'S USE
OF PINKWASHING WHICH USES A
PROPAGANDIZE VERSION
OF QUEERNESS IN ISRAEL TO HELP
THE WEST TURN A BLIND EYE TO
THE GENOCIDE AND OCCUPATION
INFLICTED ON PALESTINIANS.
I REJECT THIS AND ENCOURAGE YOU
TO CONTINUE PUSHING BACK
AGAINST ANYTHING THAT PREVENTS
US UNDERSTANDING THE FULL
IMPACT OF OCCUPATION AND
GENOCIDE.
IF YOU'RE WONDERING WHAT EFFECT
THIS CEASE FIRE WILL HAVE IN
OUR COMMUNITY, THERE'S FOLKS
HERE TODAY THAT NEED YOUR
SUPPORT FOR THEIR CONNECTIONS
TO THIS GENOCIDE AND YOU COULD
START THERE.
YOU CAN ALSO USE THIS
OPPORTUNITY AS A WAY TO TELL
OUR ELECTED OFFICIALS DEBBIE
DINGELL, DEBBIE STABENOW AND
GARY PETERS THAT THEY MUST
FOLLOW THEIR CONSTITUENTS LEAD
AND ALSO CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE
AND RESOLUTIONS NOT JUST IN
LANGUAGE.
I'LL USE THE LAST PIECE OF MY
SPEECH TO ENCOURAGE YOU TO
RECONSIDER YOUR APPROACH TO THE
COMMUNITY BASED SAFETY PROGRAM
BASED ON WHAT I'VE HEARD AND
READ THE PROGRAM AS PROPOSED,
THE BEST POSSIBLE OPTION IT'S
TRULY COMMUNITY BASED PROVIDES
CARE FOR PEOPLE WITH ONGOING
CONSENT AND IS BASED IN OUR
COMMUNITY IN A WAY NO CORPORATE
OPTION COULD POSSIBLY BE.
I CAN'T IMAGINE WHAT A NEW RFP
WILL GIVE YOU THAT THE CBS
PROGRAM THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME
AND THANKS AGAIN TO MY WORD TO
COUNCIL MEMBERS FOR VOTING YES.
>> THANK YOU.
>> RACHEL CARSON, RACHEL LIPSON
,OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JUST ONE
COLORS ON ZOM COLOR THE PHONE
NUMBER EIGHT ZERO SEVEN CRESTAR
SIX.
>> GO AHEAD.
MY NAME IS JUSTIN, YOU OTHER
MEMBER AND PACHAKUTIK HERE IN
VALLEY DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST
AMERICA AND RESIDENT OF ANN
ARBOR.
THANK YOU CITY COUNCIL MEMBER
AC DC EDLUND AS WELL AS OUR BIG
WIND FARM AND ACRON WHO
SPONSORED RESOLUTION CALLING
FOR CEASEFIRE AND THANK YOU TO
THE COUNCIL AND THE RESOLUTION
UNANIMOUSLY WILL MOST OF ALL I
WANT TO THANK ALL MY DEAR
ADESINA NEIGHBORS, FRIENDS AND
COMRADES AND CITY COUNCIL AND
CITY HALL ON THE PHONE AND
WATCHING ONLINE AS MUCH AS
ELECTIONS AND ELECTED OFFICE
CAN BE IMPORTANT, IT IS THE
LIBERAL VISION ORGANIZED
MOVEMENT OF OUR COMMUNITIES
OF WORKERS PEOPLE THAT CREATE
LASTING CHANGE.
IT'S A TRUE IDEA TO BUILD A
MOVEMENT FOR LIBERATION AND
LASTING CHANGE WITH THE WALLS
OF THE NEED FOR A LASTING CEASE
FIRE AND FREE PALESTINE FROM
THE RIVER TO THE SEA CANNOT BE
UNDERSTATED.
WE NEED THIS REVOLUTION IS THE
BARE MINIMUM BUT NONETHELESS IT
GETS PRINCIPLES.
CONGRESSIONAL REPRESENTATIVES
LIKE GEORGE BUSH IN WASHINGTON
BELIEVE THAT MUCH MORE LEVERAGE
WITH WHICH THEY CAN WITH DEBBIE
DINGELL STENCILING VOTE ON THE
TIMETABLE AND IF ANY PREVIOUS
BECAUSE SAID AMERICA HAS A DUTY
TO SUPPORT COMMUNITY MEMBERS
WHO ARE FACED ISLAMOPHOBIC AND
THE ARAB ANTI PALESTINIAN
BIGOTRY IN THIS IS A GLOBAL
ISSUE FOR SO MANY REASONS THAT
SO MANY OTHER PREVIOUS SPEAKERS
HAVE BROUGHT UP AND BECAUSE
OF SO MANY EXPERIENCES THAT OUR
STUDENTS AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN AND IN OUR PUBLIC
SCHOOL AND COMMUNITY MEMBERS
ALL ACROSS OUR CITY FACED LIKE
THIS GENOCIDE HAPPENING IN
PALESTINE AND THEN ONCE AGAIN
IT'S WONDERFUL TO SEE THIS
RESOLUTION AND I LOOK FORWARD
TO MOVING ON TO WORK WITH YOU
ALL NEXT WE'RE MEETING
SUPPORTING MUHAMMAD AND I SPOKE
TO CAROL AND I LOOK FORWARD TO
BUILDING A MOVEMENT WITH YOU
ALL IN OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
ELECTRICITY PROVIDER
.
OK, I CAN DO THIS.
I'M JUST GOING TO FREESTYLE
KIND OF I GET PART OF THIS
YESTERDAY.
>> OH MY GOD.
OK, OK SO I REPEAT WHAT I SAID
A BIT YESTERDAY.
I'M ALEXA POVEDA, CO-CHAIR
OF ACTIVISM FOR A JEWISH VOICE
FOR PEACE CHAPTER.
I SPOKE YESTERDAY ON A CAMPUS
SO I'M JUST GOING TO SAY A BIT
OF WHAT I SAID THEN ABOUT A
STORY THAT I EXPERIENCED WHEN I
WAS HOME FOR WINTER BREAK.
I WENT TO GO PICK UP MY
FRIEND'S SISTER FROM SCHOOL
BACK HOME IN CHICAGO.
SHE'S EIGHT YEARS OLD AND SHE
GOES TO A JEWISH DAY SCHOOL.
WHEN I ARRIVED AT THE BUILDING
WAS ENTIRELY SURROUNDED BY
ARMED GUARDS WITH ASSAULT
RIFLES AFTER I PASSED THE MANY
CHECKPOINTS AT THE SCHOOL I
APPROACHED THE PERSON BEHIND
THE AND I ASKED HER WHAT IS
OF THIS?
>> SHE SHE LOOKED AT ME AND SHE
SAID IT IS A SCARY TIME FOR
JEWISH PEOPLE.
>> SHE SAID WE MUST DEFEND
AGAINST ANTI-SEMITISM.
SINCE THEN HER WORDS HAVE BEEN
PLAYING OVER AND OVER IN MY
HEAD BECAUSE I KNOW THAT EIGHT
YEAR OLD GIRL IS SCARED OUT
OF HER MIND THAT SOMETHING IS
GOING TO HAPPEN TO HER AND I
WISH I WOULD HAVE TOLD HER THAT
IF YOU EVER BEGIN TO GRASP THE
DYNAMICS OF OUR SOCIETY YOU
WILL GO TO THE VERY PEOPLE WHO
CLAIM TO BE PROTECTING YOU
RIGHT NOW THAT IF YOU EVER
TRULY UNDERSTAND THE REALITIES
OF THIS WORLD YOU WILL BE
COMPELLED TO FIGHT AGAINST THEM
AS A JEWISH PERSON WHEN I AM
CONFRONTED WITH THE COLD
REALITY THAT EVERY DAY ISRAEL
IS SLAUGHTERING PALESTINIANS IN
THE NAME OF ANTI-SEMITISM, THEY
HAVE ERECTED ONE OF THE WORLD'S
MOST OPPRESSIVE APARTHEID
REGIMES AND THE APARTHEID THAT
THE US HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
COMING DEBATING BILL H.R. SEVEN
NINE EIGHT WHICH CALLS FOR ANY
PRO PALESTINIAN PROTESTERS TO
BE DEPORTED IN THE NAME
OF ANTI-SEMITISM.
I AM FORCED TO REMIND MYSELF
OF A REAL ANTI-SEMITISM LOOKS
LIKE AND THAT THE PEOPLE WHO
EXPERIENCE LEGITIMATE
ANTI-SEMITISM OR OTHER
APOLOGETIC AND UNRELENTING IN
THEIR RESISTANCE AGAINST
OPPRESSION THE VICTIMS OF THE
HOLOCAUST HAD ONE THING IN MIND
RESISTANCE BY ANY MEANS
NECESSARY THAT THEY NEVER GAVE
ONLY ONE QUALIFICATION,
CONDITION OR JUSTIFICATION FOR
THEIR RESISTANCE.
AND THIS IS NOT THE PROTECTION
OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE BUT THIS
IS TO SAY THAT FALSE
ANTI-SEMITISM, FALSE
ANTI-SEMITISM IS UNDENIABLY THE
WEAPON WHICH SHIELDS ISRAEL
FROM ACCOUNTABILITY TO THE
WEAPONIZATION OF ANTI-SEMITISM
HAS BEEN DEPLOYED TO MAKE OUR
OFFICIALS, OUR SCHOOL LEADERS
AND OUR PEERS UNTOUCHABLE WHEN
THEY FOUGHT THE AMERICAN
IMPERIAL AGENDA AND ANY JEWISH
PERSON WITH A MORTAL
CONSCIOUSNESS NEEDS TO BE FULLY
READY TO STAND ON THE FRONT
LINES AND HOLD PEOPLE OUT BY
THEIR NAMES.
LET'S SEE.
I WANT TO GO DOWN A BIT EVERY
TIME A ZIONIST CRIES ABOUT
NAZIS SEMITISM WE ARE NOT GOING
TO BE BROWBEATEN BY THE TEARS.
I WILL NOT BE LECTURED ON ANTI
SEMITISM BY WAR CRIMINALS.
RON WEISER, ONE OF THE BOARD
OF REGENTS AT MY SCHOOL AND THE
FORMER PRESIDENT OF AIPAC CAME
TO SPEAK AT MY SCHOOL TWO
MONTHS AGO, SPENT 15 MINUTES
CRYING ABOUT THAT BECAUSE EVEN
THOUGH THEIR WHOLE CAREERS ARE
BASED ON PEOPLE FROM THEIR
HOMES DROPPING BOMBS AND HAVING
CHILDREN, YOU CANNOT LET THESE
PEOPLE TO TALK ABOUT ANYTHING
ANYMORE.
>> SORRY SPEAKER SPEAKER.
>> ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT'S IT'S REALLY BEEN A IN MANY
WAYS A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT HERE AT
CITY COUNCIL.
I WANT TO THANK THE EDWYN
COUNCIL MEMBER AND ERIKA BRIGGS
AND LYNN SONG AND OF COURSE AND
ALL OF OUTSOLE FOR PASSING A
CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION AND ALSO
FOR REAFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT
FOR 2009 ON OUR CRISIS RESPONSE
PROGRAM THE BAN THE BOX.
LOTS OF GOOD STUFF TONIGHT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
SWEAT FREE APPAREL RESOLUTION
AS WELL.
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH.
YOU GUYS ARE DOING YOUR JOB
EXCELLENT.
REALLY THEM I'M VERY IMPRESSED
AND I WANT TO THANK ALL THE
COUNTLESS ORGANIZERS AND
COMMUNITY MEMBERS WHO HELPED
PUSH YOU GUYS PUSH CITY COUNCIL
TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN RIGHT WHEN
POLITICAL INSTITUTIONS,
POLITICIANS AND LEADERS AT
STATE NATIONAL OR INTERNATIONAL
LEVELS FAIL TO ACT IN THE
INTERESTS OF OUR COLLECTIVE
HUMANITY, THEN IT IS DEFINITELY
THE DUTY OF LOCAL PEOPLE AND BY
EXTENSION LOCAL GOVERNMENTS
SUCH AS THIS ESTEEMED BODY AT
CITY COUNCIL TO PICK UP THE
SLACK RIGHT AND ASSUME
RESPONSIBILITY TO PURSUE THE
TRUTH, JUSTICE AND PEACE AND
THANK YOU GUYS TONIGHT YOU'VE
DONE IT.
>> WE'VE TAKEN THIS FIRST STEP
YOU KNOW THIS SO THAT IS JUST
TO SAY THIS IS A LOCAL MATTER,
RIGHT?
BECAUSE OUR GOVERNOR SENATORS
THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION AT THE
FEDERAL LEVEL HAVE SO FAR
FAILED TO EVEN CALL FOR A CEASE
FIRE AFTER 100 DAYS OF KILLING.
RIGHT.
SO THANK YOU CLUBINE GAY IN AN
OPINION PIECE IN NEW YORK TIMES
AFTER RESIGNING FROM HER
PRESIDENCY AT HARVARD SAID AT
TENSE MOMENTS EVERY ONE OF US
MUST BE MORE SKEPTICAL THAN
EVER.
THE LOUDEST AND MOST EXTREME
VOICES, HOWEVER WELL-ORGANIZED
OR WELL-CONNECTED THEY MAY BE
AND WE ALL KNOW THAT THERE ARE
MANY ZIONIST FORCES STILL ALIVE
AND WELL, WELL FUNDED IN OUR
CITY, IN OUR NATION AND
INTERNATIONALLY.
>> SO TO BE VERY BRIEF AS
TASMIN SPOKE EARLIER, WE HAVE A
LOT OF WORK TO DO.
>> WE HAVE A LOT MORE WORK TO
DO AND YOU KNOW, WE'RE ALL
GOING TO BE DOING THAT WORK AND
I'M SURE CITY COUNCIL WILL
WE'LL SEE YOU MANY MORE TIMES
HERE AS WE MOVE ON TO THE NEXT
STEP WHICH WILL BE THINGS LIKE,
YOU KNOW, TRYING TO GET THE
UNITED STATES TO STOP AIDING
ISRAEL MILITARILY AND GETTING
THE CITY TO DIVEST FROM FROM
INVESTMENTS THAT ARE RELATED TO
THE MILITARY INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX
AND TO FUNDING THE WAR IN
ISRAEL.
SO THANK YOU ALL.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, SIR.
HE HAS BEEN MARRIED WE'VE BEEN
MARRIED.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DEQI
ALEXANDER
IN THEATER WHEN YOU
MAKE AN ENTRANCE YOU ALSO NEED
TO MAKE AN EXIT.
OTHERWISE IF YOU STAY ON THE
STAGE IN THIS GALLERY, DISPLAY
PUBLIC REMARKS FROM SUNLANDER
FIVE OR 10 OR 18 YEARS YOUR
WORDS AND THE POWER YOU HOPE
THEY CARRY TO ADVOCATE TO LIFT
UP THIS ISN'T A PLAYER MAYBE
EXTINGUISHED AND WELL THIS IS
MY THIRD TIME HERE IN AS MANY
MONTHS.
I DO HOPE REGARDLESS OF THE
FREQUENCY THAT THESE WORDS
STICK SEVERAL YEARS AGO WHEN
THE CITY COUNCIL PUT FORTH A
RESOLUTION CONDEMNING
ANTI-SEMITISM IN THIS COMMUNITY
WITH THE HOPE THAT IT WOULD
AMPLIFY THE SIDESHOW
OF SITUATED OUTSIDE OF BETH
ISRAEL CONGREGATION FORMER CITY
COUNCIL MEMBER ACROMION WHO
GREW UP IN A TWO AND ATTENDED
SYNAGOGUE SAID I THOUGHT TO BE
A JEW MEANT THAT YOU WERE
PROTESTED AT THIS TIME I WAS
STUNNED BY SUCH REMARKS.
BUT TODAY AFTER SEVERAL MONTHS
INTO THIS PLAY I FIND THEM
HEARTBREAKINGLY TRUE HERE WHO I
HAVE WORKED IN THE OUTSIDE OF A
JEWISH COMMUNITY FOR MOST OF MY
ADULT LIFE I DON'T THINK I KNEW
IN MY BONES MUSCLES THE DEPTH
OF HATE TOWARDS ME NOT AS A
PERSON.
I HOPE THOUGH HONESTLY I'M NOT
SO SURE BUT AS A PEOPLE SO I
THANK YOU FOR THIS AWAKENING
AND A REMINDER OPINION SPACES
AND PLACES OF DISCOMFORT IS
BOTH A DEVELOPMENTAL AND SOCIAL
STUDY.
YOU CANNOT FOSTER CHANGE IN
THIS WORLD.
THIS COMMUNITY WITHOUT KNOWING
THAT NO ONE WILL THINK AND FEEL
IN THIS CASE ABOUT JEWS DESPITE
THE FACT THAT MORE THAN 50
PERCENT OF THOSE WHO SPOKE ON
BEHALF OF A CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION ARE AGAINST JEWS IN
ISRAEL LIVE IN THE CITY OF NO
LESS THAN 50 PERCENT IMPORTANT
CIVIL ACTIONS.
I RECOGNIZE THAT THE CITY
COUNCIL NEEDED TO RESPOND TO
QADERI OF VOICES HERE MANY
PEOPLE AUTHENTICALLY COUNCIL DO
SOMETHING, SAY SOMETHING ABOUT
THIS WAR AND ALL GAZA AND DOING
NOTHING IS A MESSAGE IN AND
OF ITSELF.
I UNDERSTAND PERSONALLY I
UNDERSTAND WHY THE LANGUAGE YOU
HAD TO CRAFT SOMETHING IN WAS
SOMETHING THIS RESOLUTION IS
THOUGHTFUL AND SENSITIVE
WITHOUT BEING INFLAMMATORY IN
THIS IS ON THE LOCAL RATHER
THAN GLOBAL REINFORCES THIS
COUNCIL SCOPE AND I THANK YOU
VERY MUCH SPEAKING OF THE
JEWISH FEDERATION IS IMPORTANT
TO NOTE THAT THE JEWISH
COMMUNITY IS NOT A MONOLITH,
EMBRACES A DIVERSITY
OF IDEOLOGIES AND RELIGIOUS
PRACTICES AS IT PERTAINS TO THE
ISRAEL GAZA WAR.
THERE IS ALSO DIVERSITY
OF OPINION FROM THOSE ADAMANTLY
AGAINST THE CEASEFIRE WITHOUT
THE ON THE TO THOSE IN THE
WORLD WILL CEASE FIRE.
YET TO MY KNOWLEDGE THE COUNCIL
HAS NEVER ADDRESSED OTHER WORLD
CONFLICTS.
FOR EXAMPLE THE ARAB
PALESTINIANS YAZIDIS KILLED IN
SYRIA BY ASSAD FALLING OUT THE
WORLD'S ONLY JEWISH STATE IS
PERCEIVED AS MANY AS
ANTI-SEMITIC AS TAKE IT EASY TO
SMUGGLE OUT MOVE TO THE BACK
NOBODY IN THIS CASE THE JEWS
AND THE JEWISH STATE JUST AS IT
IS UNFATHOMABLE FOR ME TO SEE
ME NOT ADVOCATING FOR CITY
COUNCIL RESOLUTION AND A CEASE
FIRE.
>> IT IS EQUANT THE VOTE FOR ME
AND OTHERS TO NOT DO THE SAME
AS ACTIVISM BECAUSE SO MUCH
NEXT YEAR IS THE NEXT.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS JOSH
.
I AM A I'M A ZIONIST.
>> I BELIEVE THAT THE JEWISH
PEOPLE HAVE A RIGHT TO LIVE TO
BE FREE TO BE IN THE LAND I
BELIEVE IN A NATIONAL HOMELAND
OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE.
I ALSO BELIEVE THAT THE
PALESTINIANS NEED AND MUST HAVE
A HOMELAND AS WELL.
WHEN I WAS LIVING IN JERUSALEM
IN 2003 I MISSED A BUS BOMBING
BY FIVE MINUTES WALKING TO
SCHOOL AND STILL I WENT STILL I
WENT INTO THE WEST BANK TO
HARVEST OLIVES WITH
PALESTINIANS THERE STILL WHEN I
BROUGHT MY FAMILY TO LIVE IN
ISRAEL THIS PAST WINTER WE WENT
OUT TO STAND BEFORE THE
TROUBLING AND RACIST AND
HORRIBLE OCCUPATION OF THE WEST
BANK AND TO STAND AGAINST TO
STAND AGAINST THE SETTLERS
THERE.
>> I TOOK MY CHILDREN TO DO
THAT.
I ALSO HAVE STOOD IN CORAZZA
I'VE SEEN JUST TWO MONTHS AGO
THE DESTRUCTION THERE, THE
BURNED OUT HOUSES, THE PLACES
WHERE WOMEN WERE RAPED,
ANTI-SEMITISM ANTI EXCUSE ME
ANTI ZIONISM IS NOT NECESSARILY
ANTI-SEMITISM FOR SURE BUT THE
AMOUNT OF TIMES THAT I'VE HEARD
PEOPLE LAUGH OR CALL OUT OR
EVEN CALL OUT TO OUR CITY
COUNCIL MEMBERS AND LAUGH AT
THE IDEA THAT WOMEN WERE RAPED
,MURDERED, THAT THAT IS
ANTI-SEMITISM THAT IS
ANTI-SEMITISM.
>> WE HAVE SQUANDERED THIS
MOMENT ALTHOUGH I DO THINK THIS
CITY COUNCIL, THIS COMMUNITY
HAS SQUANDERED THIS MOMENT WITH
ZERO SUM RHETORIC.
THANKFULLY YOU DID NOT FALL FOR
THAT.
YOU WERE ABLE TO CONSTRUCT A
RESOLUTION THAT SPOKE TO THE
NEEDS OF MULTIPLE VOICES IN
MULTIPLE NARRATIVES.
THANK YOU FOR DOING THAT.
AT LEAST THIS CITY COUNCIL HAS
TRIED TO HONOR THE NEEDS OF A
DIVERSE CITIZENSHIP.
IT IS THE SELF-RIGHTEOUSNESS
THAT BOTHERS ME THE MOST IN
THIS ROOM THAT I'VE HEARD SO
MANY TIMES OVER THE COURSE
OF MY HOURS HERE I WOULD LIKE
TO SHARE A POEM WITH US THE
PLACE WHERE WE ARE RIGHT FROM A
PLACE WHERE WE ARE RIGHT
FLOWERS WILL NEVER GROW IN THE
SPRING.
THE PLACE WHERE WE ARE RIGHT IS
HARD AND TRAMPLED LIKE A YARD
BUT DOUBTS AND LOVES DIG UP THE
WORLD LIKE A MOLE, A PLOW AND A
WHISPER WILL BE HEARD IN THE
PLACE WHERE THE RUINED CROSS
ONCE STOOD.
THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS HENRY
MOSKOVITZ
.
GOOD EVENING TO THE JEWISH
STATE HAS BEEN COMMITTING
GENOCIDE AGAINST THE
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE FOR OVER
SEVENTY FIVE YEARS NOW IN THE
HAGUE THESE CRIMES ARE BEING
IDENTIFIED AND EXPOSED BY SOUTH
AFRICA.
MUCH WILL BE MADE OF A
PROPORTIONAL RESPONSE.
>> ARE THE JEWS OF ISRAEL
RESPONDING PROPORTIONATELY TO
THE AL-AQSA A STORM OF OCTOBER
SEVEN SO IT'S REASONABLE TO ASK
IF THIS RESOLUTION IS
PROPORTIONAL TO THE ATROCITIES
COMMITTED BY THE JEWISH STATE
SINCE THAT DATE.
>> READING FROM THE RESOLUTION,
THE ANN ARBOR CITY COUNCIL
CALLS FOR AN IMMEDIATE LASTING
BILATERAL CEASE FIRE BILATERAL
MEETING.
>> BOTH SIDES STOP USING THEIR
WEAPONS AGAINST EACH OTHER.
DOES THIS RESOLUTION DEMAND
PALIS IN THE END STOP USING
THEIR MERKAVA BATTLE TANKS
,
THEIR APACHE HELICOPTERS, THEIR
F-35 FIGHTER JETS SHOULD THEY
BE REQUIRED TO STOP DROPPING
2000 POUND BOMBS?
>> OF COURSE IT'S NOT THE
PALESTINIANS THAT HAVE THESE
WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION.
>> IT'S ONLY ISRAEL AND THE
JEWISH STATE IS USING THEM
MERCILESSLY DRIVEN BY A
RELIGIOUS IDEOLOGY THAT
TOLERATES NO SYMPATHY FOR THE
DEFENSELESS PALESTINIANS
CALLING FOR A BILATERAL CEASE
FIRE WITH THIS IMBALANCE IN
STRENGTH IS NOT A PROPORTIONAL
RESPONSE TO GENOCIDE.
>> CALLING OUT THE PERPETRATOR
IS TAKING SIDES IS WHAT'S
REQUIRED OF COUNSEL EVEN IF IT
MEANS STANDING UP TO THE CHOSEN
BY A FRIEND OR FAMILY.
>> A MILQUETOAST REQUEST FOR A
CEASE FIRE IS TOTALLY
INADEQUATE AND NOT ONLY IGNORES
THE ENORMOUS DISPARITY IN
WEAPONRY BUT FAILS TO ADDRESS
EVEN THE MINIMUM OF HUMAN
RIGHTS VIOLATIONS BEING
COMMITTED BY THE JEWISH STATE.
PERSONALLY I DON'T BELIEVE YOUR
VOTE AND NOW I FIND OUT THAT IT
WAS UNANIMOUS WILL COUNT FOR
MUCH.
I CANNOT IMAGINE A MORE
MEANINGLESS DOCUMENT.
>> THANK OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS
KAMOGAWA
.
THANK YOU TO HER THAT WE HAVE
PEOPLE ON LINE.
THANK YOU.
IS KOMALA GORE HERE?
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS BUDGET
THANK YOU.
ADDRESS.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS BUDGET
I WANT TO THANK THOSE OF YOU
ADDRESS.
WHO VOTED FOR THE CEASE FIRE
I WANT TO THANK THOSE OF YOU
RESOLUTION.
WHO VOTED FOR THE CEASE FIRE
I'M A PALESTINIAN RESIDENT
RESOLUTION.
OF WAR TO THE FIRST THING I
I'M A PALESTINIAN RESIDENT
WANT TO SAY IS JUST TO AMPLIFY
OF WAR TO THE FIRST THING I
WHAT DR. UMAN SIDE IS SAID
WANT TO SAY IS JUST TO AMPLIFY
ABOUT DOING ALL THAT YOU CAN TO
WHAT DR. UMAN SIDE IS SAID
TRY TO JUST CONTACT THE PEOPLE
ABOUT DOING ALL THAT YOU CAN TO
TO TRY TO HELP HIS FAMILY.
TRY TO JUST CONTACT THE PEOPLE
AND THE SECOND THING I WANT TO
TO TRY TO HELP HIS FAMILY.
SAY IS TO JUST ASK YOU TO ASK
AND THE SECOND THING I WANT TO
OUR CONGRESSWOMAN TO EITHER
SAY IS TO JUST ASK YOU TO ASK
SIGN ONTO THE HOUSE RESOLUTION
OUR CONGRESSWOMAN TO EITHER
786 OR IF SHE'S UNCOMFORTABLE
SIGN ONTO THE HOUSE RESOLUTION
WITH IT TO DRAFT HER OWN.
786 OR IF SHE'S UNCOMFORTABLE
THAT MIGHT ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO
WITH IT TO DRAFT HER OWN.
ALSO CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE.
THAT MIGHT ENCOURAGE OTHERS TO
NOW I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
ALSO CALL FOR A CEASE FIRE.
COMMUNICATION COUNCIL MEMBERS
NOW I WANT TO TALK ABOUT
BRIGS AND GHAZI EDWYN REALLY
COMMUNICATION COUNCIL MEMBERS
MODELED I THINK HOW COUNCIL
BRIGS AND GHAZI EDWYN REALLY
MEMBERS CAN MAKE THEMSELVES
MODELED I THINK HOW COUNCIL
AVAILABLE AND ACCESSIBLE TO ALL
MEMBERS CAN MAKE THEMSELVES
CONSTITUENTS AND I DON'T WANT
AVAILABLE AND ACCESSIBLE TO ALL
TO BE MISUNDERSTOOD.
CONSTITUENTS AND I DON'T WANT
I AM NOT SAYING THIS TO SCOLD.
TO BE MISUNDERSTOOD.
I AM NOT SAYING THIS TO SHAME.
I AM NOT SAYING THIS TO SCOLD.
>> THE TWO OF THEM REACHED OUT
I AM NOT SAYING THIS TO SHAME.
TO PALESTINIAN, ARAB, MUSLIM
>> THE TWO OF THEM REACHED OUT
AND OTHER COMMUNITIES IMPACTED
TO PALESTINIAN, ARAB, MUSLIM
AND TO THE PEOPLE WHO CAME WEEK
AND OTHER COMMUNITIES IMPACTED
AFTER WEEK TO UNDERSTAND THEM.
AND TO THE PEOPLE WHO CAME WEEK
SO COMMUNICATION SEEMS TO BE
AFTER WEEK TO UNDERSTAND THEM.
ONE OF THE THEMES TODAY AS WELL
SO COMMUNICATION SEEMS TO BE
BECAUSE AS I UNDERSTAND IT THE
ONE OF THE THEMES TODAY AS WELL
CBS GROUP ALSO HAS SOME
BECAUSE AS I UNDERSTAND IT THE
QUESTIONS THERE.
CBS GROUP ALSO HAS SOME
MAYBE YOU SHOULD REACH OUT TO
QUESTIONS THERE.
THEM.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD REACH OUT TO
IMAGINE HOW DIFFERENT THE
THEM.
ATMOSPHERE AND TEMPERATURE IN
IMAGINE HOW DIFFERENT THE
THE ROOM FOR THE LAST TWO
ATMOSPHERE AND TEMPERATURE IN
MONTHS WOULD HAVE BEEN HAD THE
THE ROOM FOR THE LAST TWO
MAYOR OF THE CITY DONE THIS
MONTHS WOULD HAVE BEEN HAD THE
OTHER THING AND SAID I HEAR YOU
MAYOR OF THE CITY DONE THIS
AND I'M GOING TO ORGANIZE A
OTHER THING AND SAID I HEAR YOU
COFFEE SO THAT WE CAN TALK
AND I'M GOING TO ORGANIZE A
ABOUT THIS.
COFFEE SO THAT WE CAN TALK
I WANT TO LEARN ABOUT MY
ABOUT THIS.
CONSTITUENTS EXPERIENCE IS JUST
I WANT TO LEARN ABOUT MY
HEAR THEM OUT AND NOT IN THE
CONSTITUENTS EXPERIENCE IS JUST
STIFLING SPACE.
HEAR THEM OUT AND NOT IN THE
>> EVERYONE DESERVES RESPECT.
STIFLING SPACE.
WHY WOULD YOU LET THREE LOUD
>> EVERYONE DESERVES RESPECT.
VOICES PREVENT YOU FROM HEARING
WHY WOULD YOU LET THREE LOUD
A WHOLE DIVERSE COMMUNITY THAT
VOICES PREVENT YOU FROM HEARING
HAS BEEN COMING HERE WEEK AFTER
A WHOLE DIVERSE COMMUNITY THAT
WEEK BEGGING TO BE ACKNOWLEDGED
HAS BEEN COMING HERE WEEK AFTER
WHEN PEOPLE REPEAT THEMSELVES
WEEK BEGGING TO BE ACKNOWLEDGED
IT'S BECAUSE THEY DON'T FEEL
WHEN PEOPLE REPEAT THEMSELVES
HURT SO ASK YOURSELVES WOULD
IT'S BECAUSE THEY DON'T FEEL
YOU HAVE OFFERED TO ME IF THEY
HURT SO ASK YOURSELVES WOULD
WERE UKRAINIAN OTHER MEMBERS
YOU HAVE OFFERED TO ME IF THEY
OF THE COMMUNITY IN THIS ROOM
WERE UKRAINIAN OTHER MEMBERS
HAVE BEEN PUBLIC THAT THEY'RE
OF THE COMMUNITY IN THIS ROOM
VERY GRATEFUL FOR YOU BEING SO
HAVE BEEN PUBLIC THAT THEY'RE
ACCESSIBLE TO THEM AND THAT IS
VERY GRATEFUL FOR YOU BEING SO
GREAT.
ACCESSIBLE TO THEM AND THAT IS
BUT LET THE LESSON BE THAT YOU
GREAT.
SHOULD BE ACCESSIBLE TO YOUR
BUT LET THE LESSON BE THAT YOU
WHOLE COMMUNITY, NOT JUST SOME
SHOULD BE ACCESSIBLE TO YOUR
CONSTITUENCIES BY NOT BEING
WHOLE COMMUNITY, NOT JUST SOME
ACCESSIBLE TO EVERYONE YOU
CONSTITUENCIES BY NOT BEING
CONTRIBUTE TO THE FEELING
ACCESSIBLE TO EVERYONE YOU
OF ALIENATION AND LOSS OF TRUST
CONTRIBUTE TO THE FEELING
IN DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS THAT
OF ALIENATION AND LOSS OF TRUST
ARE VITAL NOW HOW MANY
IN DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS THAT
PALESTINIANS DO YOU TALK TO?
ARE VITAL NOW HOW MANY
>> THIS IS A DIVERSE CITY WITH
PALESTINIANS DO YOU TALK TO?
A VIBRANT PALESTINIAN COMMUNITY
>> THIS IS A DIVERSE CITY WITH
AND IT DESERVES LEADERS WHO CAN
A VIBRANT PALESTINIAN COMMUNITY
RESPECT THAT DIVERSITY HATE
AND IT DESERVES LEADERS WHO CAN
SPEECH BY MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC
RESPECT THAT DIVERSITY HATE
IN THIS SPACE HAS GONE
SPEECH BY MEMBERS OF THE PUBLIC
UNANSWERED AND IT HAS TAKEN THE
IN THIS SPACE HAS GONE
FORM OF DOG WHISTLES.
UNANSWERED AND IT HAS TAKEN THE
HAD YOU TALK TO US WE WOULD
FORM OF DOG WHISTLES.
HAVE TOLD YOU SPEAKERS HAVE
HAD YOU TALK TO US WE WOULD
SAID THAT PALESTINIANS LOST
HAVE TOLD YOU SPEAKERS HAVE
THEIR HUMANITY TODAY THAT
SAID THAT PALESTINIANS LOST
PALESTINIAN HUMANITY IS
THEIR HUMANITY TODAY THAT
PREDICATED ON CONDEMNING HAMAS,
PALESTINIAN HUMANITY IS
THAT PALESTINIANS ARE TO BLAME
PREDICATED ON CONDEMNING HAMAS,
FOR ISRAEL'S VIOLENCE AGAINST
THAT PALESTINIANS ARE TO BLAME
THEM, THAT CALLING FOR AN END
FOR ISRAEL'S VIOLENCE AGAINST
TO VIOLENCE MAKES THEM FEEL
THEM, THAT CALLING FOR AN END
UNWELCOME.
TO VIOLENCE MAKES THEM FEEL
THEY MINIMIZE GENOCIDAL
UNWELCOME.
RHETORIC.
THEY MINIMIZE GENOCIDAL
THEY ERASE THE RIGHTS
RHETORIC.
OF PALESTINIANS AS AN OCCUPIED
THEY ERASE THE RIGHTS
AND INDIGENOUS PEOPLE.
OF PALESTINIANS AS AN OCCUPIED
THEY REPEAT MISS THEY SHEILD
AND INDIGENOUS PEOPLE.
WAR CRIMES BY CALLING THEM
THEY REPEAT MISS THEY SHEILD
BLOOD LIBEL PEOPLE IN THIS ROOM
WAR CRIMES BY CALLING THEM
REGULARLY SHARE ANTI
BLOOD LIBEL PEOPLE IN THIS ROOM
PALESTINIAN GENOCIDAL RHETORIC
REGULARLY SHARE ANTI
ON SOCIAL MEDIA EVEN JUSTIFYING
PALESTINIAN GENOCIDAL RHETORIC
GENOCIDE BY PINKWASHING ISRAELI
ON SOCIAL MEDIA EVEN JUSTIFYING
VIOLENCE.
GENOCIDE BY PINKWASHING ISRAELI
PLEASE DO BETTER.
VIOLENCE.
THANK YOU.
PLEASE DO BETTER.
>> AND YOUR SPEAKER IS JESSICA
THANK YOU.
ANDERSON MIA THIS CALLER
>> AND YOUR SPEAKER IS JESSICA
VONZELL CALLER WITH THE PHONE
ANDERSON MIA THIS CALLER
NUMBER ENDING AN EIGHT ZERO
VONZELL CALLER WITH THE PHONE
FOUR PROSCAR SIX.
NUMBER ENDING AN EIGHT ZERO
I'M YOUR PHONE.
FOUR PROSCAR SIX.
GO AHEAD THAT EVENING.
I'M YOUR PHONE.
>> MY NAME IS JESSICA AND I'M
GO AHEAD THAT EVENING.
IN ARBOR RESIDENT WITH FAMILY,
>> MY NAME IS JESSICA AND I'M
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES IN
IN ARBOR RESIDENT WITH FAMILY,
CALIFORNIA.
FRIENDS AND COLLEAGUES IN
I WANT TO THANK COUNCIL MEMBERS
CALIFORNIA.
ABOUT THE EDWYN BRIAGOLONG AND
I WANT TO THANK COUNCIL MEMBERS
ACUMEN FOR PUTTING FORWARD THE
ABOUT THE EDWYN BRIAGOLONG AND
RESOLUTION CALLING FOR A
ACUMEN FOR PUTTING FORWARD THE
CEASEFIRE IN GAZA.
RESOLUTION CALLING FOR A
AND THANK YOU TO ALL OF YOU FOR
CEASEFIRE IN GAZA.
UNANIMOUSLY UNANIMOUSLY PASSING
AND THANK YOU TO ALL OF YOU FOR
IT TONIGHT I LEFT THE LAST CITY
UNANIMOUSLY UNANIMOUSLY PASSING
COUNCIL MEETING BEFORE
IT TONIGHT I LEFT THE LAST CITY
CHRISTMAS FEELING HOW HARD
COUNCIL MEETING BEFORE
PEOPLE HAD TO PUSH THE REBELS
CHRISTMAS FEELING HOW HARD
BACK FROM SO SLOWLY AND FIELDS
PEOPLE HAD TO PUSH THE REBELS
SO NARROWLY TAILORED TO NOT
BACK FROM SO SLOWLY AND FIELDS
OFFEND OR CAUSE CONTROVERSY
SO NARROWLY TAILORED TO NOT
OF THE MORAL UNIVERSE IS LONG
OFFEND OR CAUSE CONTROVERSY
AND IF IT DOES BEND TOWARD
OF THE MORAL UNIVERSE IS LONG
JUSTICE AS DR. KING ONCE
AND IF IT DOES BEND TOWARD
PROMISED, IT'S ONLY BECAUSE THE
JUSTICE AS DR. KING ONCE
OPPRESSED RENTECH RELENTLESSLY
PROMISED, IT'S ONLY BECAUSE THE
AND TIRELESSLY IN THAT
OPPRESSED RENTECH RELENTLESSLY
DIRECTION.
AND TIRELESSLY IN THAT
SO WE LOOK BACK ON THIS AS A
DIRECTION.
STARTING POINT.
SO WE LOOK BACK ON THIS AS A
I SEE THAT WE CAN ALL DOWN
STARTING POINT.
TOGETHER WE HAVE SO MUCH WORK
I SEE THAT WE CAN ALL DOWN
TO DO FOR ACCOUNTABILITY AND
TOGETHER WE HAVE SO MUCH WORK
JUSTICE.
TO DO FOR ACCOUNTABILITY AND
>> I WANT TO NOTE THAT MY TWO
JUSTICE.
STATE SENATORS HAVE CALLED FOR
>> I WANT TO NOTE THAT MY TWO
A CEASE FIRE YET TO THEIR GREAT
STATE SENATORS HAVE CALLED FOR
CREDIT, REPRESENTATIVE DINGELL
A CEASE FIRE YET TO THEIR GREAT
HAVE VERBALLY SUPPORTED A CEASE
CREDIT, REPRESENTATIVE DINGELL
FIRE BUT HAS FAILED TO BACK
HAVE VERBALLY SUPPORTED A CEASE
THIS WITH ACTION BY SIGNING THE
FIRE BUT HAS FAILED TO BACK
RELEVANT CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION.
THIS WITH ACTION BY SIGNING THE
WORDS MUST BE FOLLOWED BY
RELEVANT CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION.
ACTION AND RESOLUTIONS MUST BE
WORDS MUST BE FOLLOWED BY
FOLLOWED BY POLICY CHANGE.
ACTION AND RESOLUTIONS MUST BE
I'VE BEEN REFLECTING ON THREE
FOLLOWED BY POLICY CHANGE.
EVENTS THAT ARE CONVERGING THIS
I'VE BEEN REFLECTING ON THREE
WEEK FOR SOUTH AFRICA ARGUING
EVENTS THAT ARE CONVERGING THIS
TODAY BEFORE THE INTERNATIONAL
WEEK FOR SOUTH AFRICA ARGUING
COURT OF JUSTICE THAT ISRAEL IS
TODAY BEFORE THE INTERNATIONAL
COMMITTING ACTS OF GENOCIDE.
COURT OF JUSTICE THAT ISRAEL IS
SECOND, THAT WE WILL TRAGICALLY
COMMITTING ACTS OF GENOCIDE.
MARK THE 100 DAY OF THIS
SECOND, THAT WE WILL TRAGICALLY
GENOCIDE THIS COMING SUNDAY AND
MARK THE 100 DAY OF THIS
I KEEP THINKING ABOUT ALL THE
GENOCIDE THIS COMING SUNDAY AND
PEOPLE THAT WOULD STILL BE
I KEEP THINKING ABOUT ALL THE
ALIVE TODAY IF WE RECEIVED A
PEOPLE THAT WOULD STILL BE
CEASEFIRE A MONTH AGO.
ALIVE TODAY IF WE RECEIVED A
AND THIRD, THIS IS A HOLIDAY
CEASEFIRE A MONTH AGO.
WEEKEND REMEMBERING MARTIN
AND THIRD, THIS IS A HOLIDAY
LUTHER KING JR. WHO OPPOSED THE
WEEKEND REMEMBERING MARTIN
VIETNAM WAR WHO MARCHED FOR
LUTHER KING JR. WHO OPPOSED THE
ECONOMIC JUSTICE FOR THE POOR
VIETNAM WAR WHO MARCHED FOR
AND WHO RESERVE FOR NOT FOR THE
ECONOMIC JUSTICE FOR THE POOR
KKK BUT FOR THE WHITE MODERATE
AND WHO RESERVE FOR NOT FOR THE
SINCE THE WORD PEACE HAS BEEN
KKK BUT FOR THE WHITE MODERATE
USED SO FREQUENTLY TONIGHT I
SINCE THE WORD PEACE HAS BEEN
WANT TO LEAVE YOU WITH DR.
USED SO FREQUENTLY TONIGHT I
KING'S WORDS OF CONDEMNATION
WANT TO LEAVE YOU WITH DR.
FOR THE MODERATE WHO PREFERS A
KING'S WORDS OF CONDEMNATION
NEGATIVE WHICH THE ABSENCE
FOR THE MODERATE WHO PREFERS A
OF ATTENTION TO A POSITIVE
NEGATIVE WHICH THE ABSENCE
PEACE WHICH IS THE PRESENCE
OF ATTENTION TO A POSITIVE
OF JUSTICE.
PEACE WHICH IS THE PRESENCE
AND I CHALLENGE ALL OF US TO
OF JUSTICE.
WORK FOR THE PRESENCE
AND I CHALLENGE ALL OF US TO
OF JUSTICE TOGETHER.
WORK FOR THE PRESENCE
>> THANK YOU.
OF JUSTICE TOGETHER.
THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
>> OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS DR. PETE
MAYOR.
THIS KOLLARS MATANZA OUR NEXT
SPEAKER IS MOLLY RAYNOR
.
>> THIS CALLER IS NO LONGER ON
THE.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS ONLY MEDIA
OLIAN
BUT THE REPRESENTATIVE ON
CAR WITH THE PHONE NUMBER
ENDING IN FIVE SEVEN ONE
PROSCAR SIX TRANMERE YOUR PHONE
CALLER FIVE SEVEN ONE GO AHEAD
.
HELLO.
>> HELLO.
YES.
YOUR AUDIBLE THANK YOU AND MY
NAME UNTIL THE END OF THAT
PERIOD I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT
THE RESOLUTION WAS PASSED.
I JUST WANTED TO QUOTE THAT
THIS RESOLUTION IS SHOW OUR
CALL FOR AN CEASEFIRE THIS YEAR
AND I WANTED TO REITERATE WHAT
IS HAPPENING IN THE IS GENOCIDE
AND IT IS HORRIFYING AND IT IS
IMPORTANT TO ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
OUR GOVERNMENT ITS GENOCIDE AND
WE DO SHARE RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE VERY DIFFICULT ISSUE AND
INDEED THE PERSONAL OPEN.
IT IS IMPORTANT NOT TO BE I
PERSONALLY THINK NOT TO BE
BLINDED BY THE SO-CALLED
COMPLICATIONS OR I WAS BROUGHT
UP BY SOME OF OUR SPEAKERS
TONIGHT IT IS IMPORTANT TO KNOW
WHAT IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW.
NO GREAT SHOULD AND CAN JUSTIFY
INDISCRIMINATE BOMBING
OF CIVILIANS.
THIS IS SOMETHING OUR
GOVERNMENT HAS ADMITTED THAT BY
BOMBING IN THE KREMLIN
CIVILIANS ARE TARGETED NO
GREATER SHOULD JUSTIFY
TARGETING HOSPITAL NO GRAY
AREAS TO JUSTIFY CUTTING OUT
FOOD, WATER, ELECTRICITY AND
CIVILIANS.
IT IS NOT A AND ALSO WANTED TO
ADDRESS OUR JEWISH BROTHERS AND
SISTERS.
I JUST SPOKE TO BE DONE UNDER
THE NAME OR SAFETY AND UNDER
THE PRETEXT ANTI-SEMITISM WHICH
CLEARLY IF ABOUT COMMITTING A
GENOCIDE AGAINST PALESTINIANS
AND MAKE ANY JEWISH COMMUNITIES
SAFER.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS FADWA.
I'M SURE
MARRIED AND MARRIED
DON'T HAVE THIS COLOR ON TO OUR
NEXT SPEAKER IS PERCEIVED
SOFFER.
>> I THINK YOU'VE GOT THE
NUMBERS FOR GIVING ME THE
OPPORTUNITY TO SPEAK.
I'M ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE WHO HAD
NEVER BEEN TO CITY COUNCIL
MEETINGS BEFORE THE LAST FEW
MONTHS AND THE REASON I DECIDED
TO SHOW UP IS I MOVED TO THE US
WHEN I WAS 19 YEARS OLD.
I WAS ABOUT TWENTY WHEN 9/11
HAPPENED.
I GREW UP IN THE SHADOW OF 9/11
AND I WITNESSED FIRSTHAND THE
PERIOD WHERE I COULD SEE THE
DEMONIZING OF MUSLIMS AND ARABS
AND TWENTY YEARS LATER I FIND
MYSELF MORE OR LESS AT THE SAME
SPOT THAT GETS SHOCKING LIKE
YOU WOULD THINK THERE'S BEEN SO
MUCH TALK LIKE DIVERSITY,
EQUITY AND INEQUALITY AND
EQUALITY.
YET WE ARE PRETTY MUCH AT THE
SAME PLACE WHERE WE WERE TWO
DECADES AGO AND PARTLY FOR
SELFISH REASONS I HAVE
SCHOOLGOING KIDS.
I'VE SEEN DISCRIMINATORY
RHETORIC CONTINUALLY COME OUT
OF MY UNIVERSITY.
I'M A PROFESSOR THERE AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.
I'VE SEEN HATRED, RELIGIOUS
HATRED OF ALL KINDS
ANTI-SEMITISM, ISLAMOPHOBIA
COMING OUT IN OUR SCHOOLS YET
YOU KNOW, IT'S SHOCKING THAT IN
OUR CONGRESSIONAL SPACES THEY
HOLD HEARINGS ABOUT
ANTI-SEMITISM BUT NO ONE TALKS
ABOUT HOMOPHOBIA THAT IS
EXTREMELY DISCRIMINATORY,
DISCRIMINATORY IN ITSELF.
SO I'M GLAD THAT THE CITY
COUNCIL HAS FINALLY PASSED THIS
RESOLUTION.
I DO WANT TO THANK THE ORIGINAL
CO-SPONSORS OF THIS RESOLUTION.
IT'S UNFORTUNATE THAT IT TOOK
US ALMOST 90 DAYS TO PASS THIS
RESOLUTION.
I THINK I DO CONGRATULATE YOU
FOR PASSING THIS RESOLUTION
UNANIMOUSLY.
BUT I THINK WE SHOULD ASK
OURSELVES WHY DID IT TAKE US 90
DAYS LIKE THIS?
IS THIS IS ONE OF THE MOST
EDUCATED CITIES IN THE COUNTRY,
RIGHT?
WHY WHY DID IT YOU KNOW WHAT IS
GOOD WHAT IS AMBIGUOUS HERE
LIKE THERE ARE CIVILIANS BEING
KILLED IN DISCRIMINATELY
KILLED.
RIGHT.
I CAN GIVE YOU STATISTICS.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT HALF A
MILLION PEOPLE WHO ARE LIVING
IN FAMINE LIKE CONDITIONS AND
THESE ARE ACCORDING TO THE
UNITED NATIONS THIS IS NOT
GOING TO GIVE HAMAS TV OR
WHATEVER.
RIGHT.
SO THESE ARE ACCORDING TO
LEGITIMATES SOURCES ONE POINT
EIGHT MILLION PEOPLE HAVE BEEN
DISPLACED.
BUT WHAT IS CONFUSING HERE
ABOUT WHY THE WHAT REALLY WHY
DID IT TAKE US 90 US TO GET
HERE?
SO THAT'S THAT'S ONE THING
WHICH I'M GLAD OUR CITY PASSED
THIS RESOLUTION.
>> BUT AT THE SAME TIME I
QUESTION THIS LIKE IT TELLS US
SOMETHING ABOUT ABOUT AS A
SOCIETY.
RIGHT.
LIKE WHAT IS AMBIGUOUS HERE
LIKE REALLY WHAT THERE ARE NO
TWO SIDES.
>> SOMEONE EARLIER SPOKE
THERE'S ALWAYS ONE TRUTH AND IF
YOU'RE UNABLE TO CALL IT OUT
THAT THIS TELLS US SOMETHING
ABOUT, YOU KNOW, HOW MORALLY
WEAK WE ARE.
I THINK THE OTHER THING THAT
HAS REALLY SHOCKED ME IS PEOPLE
COMING IN PUBLIC SPACES AND YOU
KNOW, IT'S ONE THING TO CHEER
GENOCIDE IN YOUR LIVING ROOM
BUT TO COME OUT IN PUBLIC
SPACES AND TO ADVOCATE FOR
AGAINST A CEASE FIRE IS
IMPLICITLY ASKING YOU TO PAY
FOR THIS GENOCIDE TO CONTINUE.
AND FOR ME IT'S JUST I JUST
DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT HOW
MORALLY DEPRAVED SOMEONE BE TO
COME IN A PUBLIC SPACE AND
ADVOCATE FOR A GENOCIDE TO GO
ON AND CONTINUE THAT WHERE
THEY'RE NOT USING THAT LANGUAGE
BUT EFFECTIVE THAT EFFECTIVE
THAT'S WHAT'S THE WHAT THEY'RE
SAYING WHEN NOTHING WHICH I
WANT TO MENTION IS IN HAPPENED
TODAY.
ALSO THIS IS HAPPENING ON OUR
COLLEGE CAMPUSES.
THERE IS THIS INTENTIONAL
CONFLATION BETWEEN ANTI ZIONISM
AND ANTI-SEMITISM.
I THINK YOU'RE EDUCATED PEOPLE
AND I THINK THIS IS THE JOB
OF THE CITY COUNCIL.
YOU SHOULD BE CALLING OUT
AGAINST ANY SPEECH WHICH IS
DECEPTIVE AND MISLEADING.
YOU KNOW, ZIONISM NO MATTER
WHAT CONGRESS MIGHT BE CONFUSED
ARE CONGRESSWOMAN DECIDED TO
ABSTAIN ON THE RESOLUTION WHICH
SAID THAT ANTI-SEMITISM THE
SAME ANTI-SEMITISM IS THE SAME
AS ANTI-SEMITISM WHICH IS
SHOCKING.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT WHAT IS MORE
DEBBIE DINGELL NEEDS TO KNOW TO
HAVE VOTED AGAINST THAT.
BUT I HOPE THAT THIS CITY
COUNCIL CAN SEE THROUGH WHAT
WHAT'S GOING ON.
THERE SHOULD BE NO DOUBT
WHATSOEVER THAT ZIONISM IS
RACISM AND ISLAMOPHOBIA.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU, MALCOLM.
>> PHONE NUMBER TWO SEVEN
EIGHT.
>> GO AHEAD.
THANK YOU.
UM, I'M A RESIDENT IN ARBOR,
RESIDENT OF ANN ARBOR ON AND
OFF IN 1968.
I'M ALSO JEWISH AND IN INTERNAL
MEDICINE.
DOCTOR, WHAT ABOUT THE DOCTORS
OPERATE UNDER IS FIRST DO NO
HARM AND FOR THE PAST 90 DAYS
I'VE BEEN VERY UPSET ABOUT THE
FACT MY TAX DOLLARS HAVE BEEN
USED TO WAGE WAR AGAINST AN
INNOCENT CIVILIAN POPULATION.
LOOKING AT THIS FROM THE
PERSPECTIVE OF A DOCTOR, IT
KEEPS ME UP AT NIGHT WHEN I
REALIZE THAT MY TAX DOLLARS ARE
SENDING WEAPONS THAT ARE EXACT
COLLECTIVE PUNISHMENT ON
INNOCENT CIVILIANS.
I THINK ABOUT THE 50000
PREGNANT WOMEN IN GAZA WHO ARE
PROBABLY AT RISK OF STARVATION
WHILE THEY ARE PREGNANT AND
CAN'T GET MEDICAL CARE AND IT
IS A VERY, VERY PRETTY
SOPHISTICATED DOMESTIC TOOL IS
A BIG PART OF THE TOWN AND I
GRADUATED FROM IT AND I THINK
ABOUT THE FACT THAT WE ARE
BANDERA'S PREGNANT WOMEN YOU'RE
GOING TO HAVE UNDERWEIGHT KIDS
AND THAT'S GOING TO THOSE
PROBLEMS ARE GOING TO OUTLAST
ALL OF OUR LIVES.
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE THOUSANDS
OF PEOPLE WHO HAVE MENTAL
PROBLEMS, PSYCHOLOGICAL
PROBLEMS AND LIFELONG ISSUES
BECAUSE OF WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON
WITH OUR TAX DOLLARS.
SO I'M REALLY DISAPPOINTED THAT
IT TOOK SO LONG TO GET THIS
RESOLUTION THROUGH.
BUT AT LEAST YOU DID IT FINALLY
AND YOU'VE JOINED OTHER CITIES
IN THE COUNTRY LIKE RICHMOND,
CALIFORNIA, SAN FRANCISCO,
YPSILANTI, DETROIT AND WAYNE
COUNTY IN PASSING SIMILAR
RESOLUTIONS ABOUT POINTED OUT
THAT I'M VERY PROUD OF SO MANY
OF THE SPEAKERS WHO HAVE BEEN
EXPRESSING THEIR OPINIONS SO
ELOQUENTLY TONIGHT AND I ALSO
AGREE THAT IF ANTISEMITISM IS
IN FACT RISING BECAUSE
OF ISRAELI ACTION AGAINST THE
CIVILIANS OF GAZA AND IS
OF SOME OF THE STOPS, THE
SOONER THERE WILL BE LESS OF A
THREAT OF ATTACKS ON THE
SYSTEM.
SO I THINK THIS RESOLUTION IS
GOING TO HELP IN THAT REGARD TO
SOME EXTENT ON ALSO ENFORCED
THAT THIS IS A WATERSHED MOMENT
IN JEWISH HISTORY BECAUSE I
HAVE NEVER IN MY LIFETIME SEEN
SO MANY JEWS SPEAKING UP
AGAINST THIS KIND OF RACIST
ACTIVITY AGAINST THE
PALESTINIANS.
I'M NOT SPEAKING AND SAY I'M
NOT OBSERVING WHAT HAPPENED ON
OCTOBER SEVEN EITHER.
SO I BRING UP IS THANK YOU BUT
I DON'T UNDERSTAND THE JEWISH
FEDERATION TYPE THAT CITY
COUNCIL SHOULD SPEAK TO THE
INTERNATIONAL ISSUES IF THIS
WERE 1943.
THANK YOU.
I DON'T THINK THE JEWISH
FEDERATION WOULD BE TAKING THAT
POSITION.
>> THANK YOU.
NEXT YEAR IS SEPTEMBER.
>> SARAH EMIRATES COLOR FOUR
SIX FIVE CRESTAR SIX ON MEET
YOUR PHONE.
THANK YOU.
CAN I BE HERE?
YES, YOU CAN.
THE SO YEAH.
FIRST AND FOREMOST I'M JUST SO
GRATEFUL FOR THE EXTENSIVE
WISDOM INSIGHT WORTH OF CLARITY
AND KIND OF THAT SO MANY
FIGURES BEFORE ME HAVE BEEN
MAKING AND UPLIFTING
DEVASTATION BOTH LITERAL
GENOCIDE OF HELP AND
APPRECIATION FOR THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION BEING PASSED AND THE
DESIRE FOR THE RESOLUTION MORE
SUBSTANTIALLY ADDRESSING THE
REALITY OF THE WHOLE SITUATION
AND A DESIRE TO CONTINUE THOSE
EFFORTS MOVING FORWARD.
I'M ALSO HERE BECAUSE AS A
THERAPIST AND COMMUNITY MEMBER
IN WASHTENAW COUNTY I NEED NOT
WANT NEED AN UNARMED NON POLICE
RESPONSE OPTION BECAUSE SAFETY
IS THAT OPTION AND I NEED THEM
UP AND RUNNING.
NOT THAT THEY OPERATE WITH
URGENCY BUT
I WORKED WITH
VETERANS AROUND OPIOID SAFETY
AND SUICIDE PREVENTION FOR
SEVERAL YEARS.
CURRENTLY RESEARCH SHOWS ABOUT
18 VETERANS THEMSELVES AND A
LOT OF TERRIBLE THINGS
INFLUENCE THAT INCLUDING TRAUMA
AND MORAL INJURY FROM THE
ATROCITIES THEY COMMITTED.
WITNESS WE'RE NOT ABLE TO
INTERRUPT THAT WERE INFLICTED
UPON THEM INCLUDING JUST BEING
PART FOURTH BACKED BY THE US IN
THE MIDDLE EAST THAT RESULTED
IN THE UNNECESSARY SLAUGHTER
THOUSANDS, HUNDREDS
OF THOUSANDS MILLIONS
OF CIVILIANS FEEL FINANCIAL
RESOURCES FROM COMMUNITIES THAT
NEED IT FOR DEVASTATING
HUMANITARIAN CRISES THAT WE
THEN DON'T HAVE RESOURCES FOR.
I ALSO WORK WITH A LOT AND
TRANS PEOPLE, TRANS PEOPLE
SPECIFICALLY HAVING OVER 50
PERCENT RATE OF SUICIDAL
IDEATION.
THEREFORE MY JOB INVOLVES A LOT
OF SAFETY PLANNING AS A
CONSTANT AND PRIMARY FACTOR AS
A MANDATED REPORTER MY LEGAL
AND PROFESSIONAL DUTY TO REPORT
SOMEONE TELLING ME THEY HAVE
SUICIDAL THOUGHTS, PLAN AND
INTENT AND THE OPTION WHEN THAT
HAPPENS IS TO CALL THE COPS
WHICH IS A TERRIBLE OPTION
PARTICULARLY WHEN VETERANS TELL
ME THAT THEIR PLAN IS SUICIDE
BY COP.
IF I HAVE TO CALL THE COPS
OFFICER SHOW MANY WITHOUT
TRAINING TO DO SOMETHING THAT
THEY DO OR DO NOT WANT TO DO
WHEN THEY ARE TRAINED
PROFESSIONALS, COMMUNITY
MEMBERS AND RESPECT NON POLICE
CRISIS RESPONDERS THAT COULD
POSSIBLY BE THE BREED WHO SHOT
AND KILLED OR A RANGER OUT
THERE A BLACK ANTI-WAR
COMMUNITY MEMBER WITH PREVIOUS
CALLS FOR DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
SHOW OFFICERS OFTEN ESCALATE
SITUATIONS OF STRESS TENSION OR
ACTIVATE TRAUMA WHEN THERE ARE
SO MANY ALTERNATIVES THAT COULD
AND DO EXIST TO ADDRESS THE
ESCALATION AND SUPPORT
CONNECTING OFFICERS RESOURCES
PROVIDE MENTAL HEALTH CARE
LOGISTICAL SUPPORT TO CREATE
DIFFERENT OUTCOMES AND OPTIONS
MOVING FORWARD IT IS TWENTY
TWENTY FOUR MUCH LIKE THE
ONGOING GENOCIDE IN GAZA AND
OCCUPATION OF THE WEST BANK WE
HAVEN'T DONE THE DOCUMENTATION,
VIDEOS, ARTICLES, BOOKS,
MOVIES, DOCUMENTARIES, SHOWS,
ORGANIZATIONS, RESEARCH
DEDICATED SPECIFICALLY TO
PROVIDING CONCRETE FACTS ABOUT
PUBLIC HEALTH CRISIS AND
VIOLENCE OF POLICING.
IN 30 SECONDS LIVE.
THANK YOU.
AS A MENTAL HEALTH PROFESSIONAL
AND A PERSON WHO WANTS PEOPLE
TO BE ABLE TO LIVE, I NEED
OTHER OPTIONS NONBELIEF OPTIONS
.
I NEED SOMEONE WHO CAN GO OUT
AND DE-ESCALATE AND CONNECT
WITH AND FIGURE OUT WHAT'S
GOING ON TO SOLVE THE ISSUE
OF EMERGENCY SUPPORT MOVING
FORWARD AND ULTIMATELY EVERY
SINGLE THING AND BE EXTREMELY
ACCESSIBLE AND APPROACHABLE
MATERIALS THAT CURIOSITY IS PUT
OUT TO THE COMMUNITY HAS
ENGAGED WITH THE COMMUNITY
AROUND COVERING THESE THINGS.
SO AGAIN, I NEED THIS OPTION
LIKE YOU KNOW AND AS QUICKLY AS
POSSIBLE WE THANK YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
NEXT TOPIC IS MARIA MESNIER ARE
THE PHONE I'M RUNNING AND SIX
SEVEN ONE PROSCAR SIX FROM YOUR
PHONE.
GO AHEAD.
I RESPECTED COMPANY.
MY NAME IS NOT IN HIS EAR A
CONSTITUENT OF YOURS FROM WORD
TO A SECRET NUMBER EIGHTY SIX I
WAS HUNG UP AND LEFT WHEN THE
RESOLUTION IS BUT AS A THREE
PERSON WHO GETS TO SLEEP IN A
WARM PASS UP THIS OPPORTUNITY
TO SPEAK UP FOR THE OPPRESSED
IN PALESTINE AND THE VERY FEW
LINE OF VOICES WE HEARD TODAY
THANK YOU FOR PASSING THE CEASE
FIRE RESOLUTION HOWEVER THAT
YOU ARE COMMITTED TO SAFETY AND
PEACE AND PREVENTION VIOLENCE
HERE AT HOME AND MANY OTHERS
THAT THIS REALLY WAS JUST THE
FIRST STEP TOWARDS MANY MORE
IMPORTANT STEPS TO BE TAKEN.
NEXT STEP DIFFERENT ISRAELI
MILITARY REGIME AND YOU AND
OTHER TECHNOLOGY INSTEAD DEFINE
A PUBLIC HOUSING UNIT FOR
EXAMPLE OR FREE HEALTH OR AN
UNARMED RESPONSE PROGRAM
PERHAPS.
>> BUT SEE YOU IN OUR LOCAL
COMMUNITY INSTEAD OF BEING SENT
ABROAD, FOR EXAMPLE, STANDS ON
TRIAL BEFORE THE INTERNATIONAL
COURT OF JUSTICE IDENTIFIED THE
US MAY EVEN BE HELD COMPLICIT
IN ANY OF THE WAR CRIMES
COMMITTED USING OUR TAX DOLLARS
AND WE SEE OUR PRESIDENT HAS
VIOLATED ARTICLE ONE OF THE
CONSTITUTION BY CALLING OUT
AIRSTRIKES IN YEMEN WITHOUT
CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL RATING.
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE TIRED
OF ENDLESS WAR.
WE DO ALL YOU CAN IN YOUR PART
OF THE WORLD FORGET EVERY MLK
DAY.
LET'S NOT FORGET THAT INJUSTICE
ANYWHERE IS A THREAT TO JUSTICE
EVERYWHERE.
>> THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS A MAN ABOUT
WHERE I DON'T SEE THIS CALLER
ONLINE.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER IS A NO SHOW.
I'M SORRY.
SO I'M HERE MAYOR.
>> I'M SORRY AMIR NADAF IS
ONLINE.
MY APOLOGIES.
COLOR THE PHONE NUMBER EIGHT
ONE TWO STAR SIX GO AHEAD.
I CAN HEAR IT.
YES, WE CAN.
SO MAYBE COUNCIL MEMBERS WOULD
LIKE TO THANK YOU FOR BACKING
THE CEASE FIRE RESOLUTION.
FIRST OF ALL, FIRST AND
FOREMOST THE GREAT FIRST STEP
TO SAY IN MY MIGHT JOY A SENSE
OF JOY FOR THE PASSING AND
VICTORY AT THIS.
I THINK THIS RESOLUTION IS
ADMIRED BY THE FACT THAT BY A
HUNDRED DAYS INTO THE GENOCIDE
WE DO ANYTHING ABOUT THIS FROM
A CHRISTIAN PALESTINIAN
RESIDENT NABIL, THAT DAYS TO
WHAT BY PEOPLE BEING
SLAUGHTERED BY YOU WALPOLE
ABOUT WHETHER IT'S RESPECT YOUR
COMMUNITY OR NOT FOR YOU TO SAY
SOMETHING ABOUT IT.
>> I WANT TO SAY THAT I HOPE
YOU TAKE A HARD LOOK AT
YOURSELF TODAY AND ASK YOURSELF
WHY IT TOOK YOU SO LONG TO DO
TO SAY SOMETHING AND WHY IS THE
CEASEFIRE RESOLUTION HONESTLY
ALL FOR NOTHING OF WE'RE HAPPY
THAT WE'RE WE DON'T WANT
INNOCENT PEOPLE TO DIE.
SURE NO ONE WANTS INNOCENT
PEOPLE TO DIE BUT THERE IS ONE
SIDE THAT IS ACTUALLY THE HAGUE
RIGHT NOW ONE SIDE THE
COMMITTING CRIMES AGAINST
HUMANITY AND YOU HAVE NO
COURAGE IN YOUR HEART TO CALL
THEM OUT FOR WHAT THEY'RE DOING
.
>> I THINK THE CEASE FIRE
RESOLUTION IS A GREAT FIRST
STEP AS LATE AS IT IS.
>> BUT WE NEED MORE WE NEED TO
DIVEST FROM ISRAEL.
WE NEED TO PUSH THE UNIVERSITY
TO ADJUST ITS RELATIONSHIP WITH
ISRAELI INSTITUTIONS AND YEAH,
I THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME YOU A
LONG NIGHT FOR EVERYONE.
YES.
I HAVE A BIG ADDRESS YOUR
EVENING.
THANK YOU.
>> I'M EXPECTING SOME BOMBSHELL
.
I DO WANT TO THANK COUNCIL
MEMBER AISHA GHAZI AND
SPECIFICALLY SAID NO BREAKS AS
WELL BECAUSE YOU TOO WORKED
WITH THE COMMUNITY TO HELP MAKE
ONE AND WHILE YOU GUYS ARE SO
PROUD THAT THIS IS NOT DIVISIVE
,THAT'S THE REASON WHY BECAUSE
YOU WORKED WITH THE COMMUNITY
TO MAKE SURE THAT THERE WASN'T
ACTIVELY HARMFUL LANGUAGE
INSIDE THE RESOLUTION.
SO THANK YOU FOR PASSING IT,
WHICH IS AGAIN AS PEOPLE HAVE
SAID THE BARE MINIMUM THAT OUR
ELECTED OFFICIALS CAN DO.
OUR COMMUNITY STILL HAS A LOT
MORE WORK TO DO.
A LOT OF YOU ARE PROFESSORS AT
THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN.
A LOT OF YOU STILL ACTIVELY
WORK WITH THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN WHETHER YOU'RE ON
THE ALUMNI ASSOCIATION CHAIRS
OR IN SOME OTHER CAPACITY AND
SOMETHING THAT I HAVEN'T REALLY
HEARD MUCH ABOUT WHAT'S
ACTUALLY BEEN HAPPENING AT THE
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN AND SO
EARLIER I MADE A POINT THAT A
LOT OF THE PEOPLE HERE ARE
VOTING CONSTITUENTS OR YOU
KNOW, LIVING IN ANN ARBOR AND
TO BE FRANK ALL PUBLIC ALL CITY
COUNCIL MEETINGS ARE PUBLIC.
>> SO YOU KNOW, YOU CAN SEE WHO
SPOKE WHERE AND ACTUALLY A LOT
OF US DIDN'T KNOW THAT YOU
COULD SPEAK AT A CITY WHERE YOU
HAD VERY CLOSE TIES TO A CITY
WHERE YOU WORSHIP A CITY WHERE
YOU WORK.
>> AND SO WE SAW HER SPEAK AT
OTHER CITIES SO I DO WANT TO
THANK HER FOR THAT.
SO HELP US MOBILIZE.
BUT IN ADDITION TO THE POLICE
RESPONSE AT THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN, WE ALSO I MEAN
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO SAID THAT
THE IDF, THE OFF CORRECTLY
STRAINS THE POLICE HERE.
SO WE TALK ABOUT THIS ISSUE
THAT'S OUT IN SOME OTHER SOME
OTHER COUNTRY HALFWAY ACROSS
THE GLOBE.
BUT TIME AND TIME AGAIN AND
FROM BOTH SIDES WE'VE HEARD
STORIES ABOUT HOW IT'S AFFECTED
PEOPLE HERE AND AT THE SAME
TIME IN THE SAME BREATH HEARD
WHY WE PROBABLY SHOULDN'T HAVE
A RESOLUTION BUT IT'S AFFECTING
US HERE BUT WE PROBABLY
SHOULDN'T HAVE A RESOLUTION.
YOU WERE WONDERING IF THIS IS A
LOCAL ISSUE.
WE HAVE EXPLAINED YOU HAD AT
LEAST TWO STORIES OF PEOPLE WHO
ARE FAMILY STUCK IN GAZA OR
HAVE FAMILY MEMBERS WHO ARE
HOSTAGES.
YOU KNOW WHO THOSE CONSTITUENTS
ARE AND YOU KNOW THAT THERE ARE
MORE WORK WITH THEM PRESSURE
OUR OTHER ELECTED OFFICIALS AND
HIGHER STATE OF GOVERNMENT TO
HELP YOUR CONSTITUENTS, WHICH
IS WHAT YOU WERE ELECTED TO DO.
>> AND I HOPE BECAUSE I KNOW
THIS IS A LONG MEETING BUT I
HOPE THAT SHE DOES AT SOME
POINT WATCH
US.
THERE IS NO EXCUSE FOR NOT
AFTER WE PASSING A RESOLUTION
OR SIGNING ONTO A RESOLUTION IF
WE'RE NOT OK WITH SEVEN, YOU
NEED TO FIND A DIFFERENT ONE.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU CAN CALL FOR
A CEASEFIRE, NOT CALL THIS CALL
FOR A CEASE FIRE, NOT FIND
ANYTHING BUT BECAUSE IT DOESN'T
CALL FOR THE RELEASE
OF HOSTAGES THEY'RE GOING TO BE
NO HOSTAGES LEFT.
THEY'RE GOING TO BE NO PEOPLE
LEFT AND THERE IS A CEASE FIRE
IF YOU'RE NOT HAPPY WITH IT,
COME UP WITH SOMETHING ELSE
THAT IS UNACCEPTABLE AS YOU
GUYS HAVE DEMONSTRATED
REFLECTING YOUR CONSTITUENTS
DEMANDS TO NOT FIND ANYTHING.
>> THANK YOU
.
>> THANK YOU.
OUR NEXT SPEAKER, SPINEL
MCARTOR.
WE ARE THE COLORS AND COLOR
FIVE ONE GO AHEAD.
I MADE HER NOW THANK YOU.
CAN'T GO ESPECIALLY NO BECAUSE
WE ARE WAITING FOR YOU NOW IF
WE HAVE BEEN TO CENTRAL ASIA
AND FOR ALL THE LABOR THAT WENT
INTO IT I WANT TO GO WITH THE
LAW BECAUSE CONGRESSWOMAN, I
APPRECIATE THE THE COMMUNITY
HAVE CALLED FOR A CEASEFIRE BUT
WE ADHERE TO AND WE'LL BE
WATCHING ABOUT HOW GOING
FORWARD IN TERMS OF WHETHER WE
SAID UNCONDITIONAL MILITARY
BILLIONS AND BILLIONS
OF DOLLARS IN WEAPONS AND BOMB
YOU GOVERNMENT DOESN'T SEEM
INTERESTED IN A LASTING CEASE
FIRE AND I WOULD HOPE THAT YOUR
CITY COUNCIL WILL USE INFLUENCE
TO CALL ON BINGOL.
CONGRESSWOMAN ENGEL AND OUR
SENATORS WHO HAVEN'T EVEN
CALLED FOR A CEASE FIRE AT ALL
TO ENCOURAGE THEM TO MAKE FOR
THEIR ACTIONS AND THEIR WORD
PROMOTE PEACE AND JUSTICE THAT
THEIR THERE ARE NOT USED FOR
THIS ONGOING GENOCIDE.
I ALSO WANT TO MAKE A NOTE THAT
OUR CURRENT MOMENT WITHIN THE
LARGER CONTEXT OF AMERICAN
HISTORY THE VIOLENCE IS NOTHING
NEW ON OUR OWN.
SO WE DEGENERATE PEOPLE AT OUR
OWN WE SUBJUGATED AN OPPRESSED
BLACK AMERICAN JIM CROW AND
MASS INCARCERATION BUT PEACEFUL
IN SOUTHEAST ASIA SUFFER
MASSIVE WAR CRIMES AND
ATROCITIES THROUGH OUR TAX
DOLLARS AND THE VIETNAM WAR
ERA.
>> PEOPLE IN PLACES LIKE IRAN
AND SHE HAD A DEMOCRATICALLY
ELECTED GOVERNMENT OVERTHROWN
OR UNDERMINED BECAUSE OF THE US
GOVERNMENT AND I COULD GO ON
AND ON RIGHT NOW IN YEMEN THE
PEOPLE OF YEMEN HAVING TO
SUFFER MORE FROM US ARE BECAUSE
I THINK YOU SWEPT OVER THE CITY
BECAUSE THEY DID NOT KNOW THE
WAYS FOR PEACE.
I THINK WITH AMERICAN NEED TO
WEEP OVER OUR COUNTRY BECAUSE
OVER THE CENTURIES WE HAD TO
KNOW THE WAYS FOR PEACE WITHIN
ISRAEL PALESTINE OR THE MANY
OTHER EXAMPLES 30 SECONDS IF WE
DO NOT KNOW WHERE TO PUT THE
PEACE, IF WE CONTINUE ON THE
PATH OF IMPERIALISM AND
MILITARISM, I FIGURED THAT THEY
COULD BE AHEAD FOR US.
>> WE CANNOT LOOK TO OTHER
COUNTRIES AND THINK THOSE
THINGS THOSE ATROCITIES CAN
NEVER HAPPEN.
WE MAY HAVE TO SUFFER THE SAME
CONSEQUENCES THAT MANY PEOPLE
AROUND THE WORLD HAVE HAD TO
SUFFER BECAUSE OF OUR VIOLENCE.
>> THANK YOU.
THANK YOU.
VERY EMOTIONAL TURN PLEASE.
VISCOUNTS MEMBER ARE NOW TAKING
MY COUNT FOR OUR DISCUSSION.
WELL FAVOR POST RETURNED